The Boeing Company
2013 Corporate Citizenship Report 
Build Better
Communities
Worldwide 
Corporate citizenship speaks
to everything we do—from our
products and services to our
business practices and
community engagement. 
Boeing and its employees
contribute to sustainable
growth and systemic impact
for communities and their
people worldwide. 

This report is available online at
boeing, com/community 
Contents
Leadership Message	



Education	4
Environment	10
Military and Veterans	

16

Humanitarian Relief	

20

Health and Human Services	

22

Arts and Culture	

24

Civic Engagement	

26

Employees Community Fund	

28

Volunteering	30

Cover photo/photo above: Boeing photo 
Leadership
Message 


We believe that companies like ours play
 significant role in the world beyond
our performance as a corporation.  As a
stakeholder in the success of our
communities,  we lead responsibly to help
address challenges that are bigger than
any one company's interests.  Our
contributions and efforts are focused on
making a significant difference in the lives
of people around the world–now and for
generations to come. 

Boeing helps enhance lives and
communities worldwide,  investing
more than $176 million in 2013,  as
well as thousands of volunteer
hours,  where we live and work. 

38%

24%

38%

Employee
Charitable
Business
Total 
ONE

BOEING
ALIGNMENT
PRODUCTS
& SERVICES

COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT

BUSINESS
PRACTICES

Left to right:
Tony Parasida
Senior Vice President,  Human Resources
and Administration
Jim McNerney
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Lianne Stein
Vice President,  Global Corporate Citizenship 
We are a company with a proud history
and culture of innovation.  Whether in our
products and services or in the principles
that guide our business practices,  we
believe that one of our greatest innovations is the ability to make positive,  lasting
contributions to our global communities. 
Motivated from the beginning to build
something better,  we have remained at
the forefront of innovation,  with ideas that
have changed the world in ways we could
never have imagined when Boeing was
founded.  From enabling the introduction
of international air travel or launching the
first satellites,  to playing a role in the next
generation of space exploration,  or supporting research into sustainable aviation
biofuel and developing hydrogen-powered
aircraft,  we continue to set new and
higher standards. 
These standards extend beyond our
products to both our business practices
and our partners.  We continuously reexamine our capabilities and processes
to ensure that our company is as strong
as our history.  This means ensuring
that we provide affordable systems and
services,  create a safe workplace where
health and well-being are priorities,  and
expect responsible business practices
and ethical standards from Boeing
employees and partners. 

$ in millions
427
670
666
1763

Guided by our values,  driven by the
highest ideals of integrity,  innovation and
value,  and comprising more than 168000
people across the United States and in
more than 65 countries,  we recognize the
tremendous opportunity—and responsibility—we have to make a positive impact
on our world. 
In 2013,  Boeing,  along with its employeesretirees and charitable trust,  invested
$176 million in building better communities
worldwide. 
With a focus on providing individuals and
communities with the tools and resources
of lasting success,  our efforts focused
on education,  the environment,  health and
human services,  arts and culture,  and
civic engagement.  We empower communities to grow plants that can be used
to make sustainable aviation biofuel and
strengthen their local economies,  volunteer our skills for process improvements
that can heighten the impact of nonprofitspartner with customers and nonprofits
to airlift humanitarian aid,  help veterans
translate their military skills into business
competencies,  and inspire students to
turn their dreams into reality. 
We strive to lead responsibly and help our
communities—and our neighbors around
the globe—address the challenges of
today and create a better tomorrow. 


Elasha Colby represented the students
of Aberdeen (Md. ) High School when the
National Math and Science Initiative (NMSI)
named it 'School of the Year. " Photo:
National Math and Science Initiative 
52 SCHOOLS

67%
IN THE PROGRAM SAW A

INCREASE

IN PASSING MATH,  SCIENCE
AND ENGLISH AP SCORES


Click here for video: Boeing and NMSI
Boost Student AP Scores 
Education 
Boeing works toward
 future when all
students will have
access to learning
so they can develop
their skills,  do what
they dream and build
something better. 

Working with community,  business and
private sector partners,  Boeing supports
education programs designed to develop a globally competitive workforce and
strong communities.  By investing our time
and resources into strengthening school
leadership,  and programs that foster
knowledge and 21st century skills,  we are
giving students the foundation they need
to be successful leaders and innovators. 
Boeing supports leadership development
programs through New Leaders,  a national nonprofit that develops transformational
school leaders,  and is driving academic
excellence and preparation for students
across the United States for success in
college,  careers and citizenship.  Four
educators and school leaders currently
training and working at Lindblom Math
and Science Academy in Chicago's West
Englewood neighborhood are finding the
experience invaluable. 
'I want to help create a community of
change that prepares students for work
and life, " said Molly Myers,  a Lindblom
social studies teacher.  'For me,  an
essential part of becoming that leader
is participating in this program where I
am gaining hands-on learning to further
my skills and better enrich the lives of
the children I teach. "

Boeing's relationship with New Leaders
began in 2002,  and focuses on strengthening the skills of talented educators and
school leaders to drive systemic change
for a positive effect on students' lives. 
Strengthening student achievement in
math,  science and literacy is only part of
why Boeing invests in education programs
like the National Math and Science
Initiative (NMSI) Advanced Placement
Training and Incentive Program (APTIP)
through its Program for Military Families. 
In 2011,  Boeing partnered with NMSI to
make AP courses,  tests,  teacher training
and certification available in public high
schools serving a high percentage of
military families — schools like Fairborn
High School in Ohio near Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base. 
'Graduation requirements are different
with every school, " explains senior Brittney
Daugherty,  who moved three times
during her high school career due to her
father's military service,  'and because the
schools that I've gone to are in different
states,  it's really nice the AP classes will
stay the same. "
Boeing supported the program and its
expansion in three other schools in
Maryland,  Oklahoma and Virginia.  Just
one year into the program,  Aberdeen High


SINCE 2008

850
BOEING HAS SUPPORTED ALMOST

FIRST TEAMS
WITH FUNDING AND
ACTIVE PARTICIPATION FROM

EMPLOYEE
VOLUNTEERS

Click here for video: Future Innovators
Experience FIRST Robotics


Designed to inspire the next generation of
engineers,  the FIRST Robotics Competition
matches Boeing employee mentors with
student teams as they design,  build and
test robots before competing against
students from around the world.  Providing
 lesson in 'real-world engineering, "
Boeing mentor Larry Ostrom works with
students from Bellevue,  Wash.,  as they
make final adjustments to their robot. 
Photo: Rich Rau


Bringing together engineers and parents
to address the STEM achievement gapIridescent Learning uses cutting-edge
technology to tell engaging stories that
illustrate basic science concepts to
students.  Photo: Maria Passaseo 
School in Maryland was named NMSI's
'School of the Year" for its 2012-2013
achievements,  which included a dramatic
137 percent increase in the number of
students who passed rigorous AP mathscience and English exams. 

Boeing's work to ensure that all students
have access to learning so they can do
what they dream and build something
better is global. 

Through Boeing's partnership with For
Inspiration and Recognition of Science and
Technology (FIRST),  our employees serve
as mentors and prepare students for
the future by instilling an appreciation for
science,  engineering and technology while
fostering collaboration,  problem solvingcreativity and effective communication
skills.  Each year,  during an intense sixweek period,  Boeing mentors help more
than 200 student teams design,  build and
test robots to compete in regional events. 
'This has been one of the biggest events
I've ever been to, " said Kristi Gable,  a
student from Newport High School in
Bellevue,  Wash.  'It was a lot of fun to be
able to see someone that's working on
stuff that we could be potentially doing in
the future. "



Extending our work with FIRST in the
United States,  Boeing collaborated with
Beijing Youth Foundation and Beijing
Student Activity Center to introduce the
FIRST Tech Challenge in China.  Students
in grades 7 to 12 gain real-world engi­
neering experience working with robotsas they develop important leadership
attributes such as teamwork,  communi­
cations and professionalism.  The winning
team received the opportunity to compete
against students from around the
world in the FIRST Championship in
St.  Louis,  Missouri. 
From one first to another,  Boeing supported a science,  technology,  engineering
and math (STEM) Newton aviation camp
for students in Norway and a state-ofthe-art science room in Denmark through
the Northern European nonprofit FIRST
Scandinavia.  Based on the Newton 
approach,  a multidisciplinary education
concept emphasizing natural sciencestechnology and design,  these projects
delivered development tools to teachers
to improve science education and created
Newton rooms for students to conduct
hands-on experiments involving robots. 
In Southeast Asia,  joining with Malaysia's
Ministry of Education and Ministry of
Sci­ nce,  Technology and Innovatione
Boeing sponsored a first-of-its-kind event
in the country to inspire young people
to pursue STEM and advanced manufacturing careers.  As part of Malaysia
Aerospace Education Day in Kuala
Lumpur,  200 high school students had
the opportunity to sit in the cockpit of
an F/A-18 simulator and observe the
inner workings of a wind tunnel. 
Through hands-on experiential learningmentoring and partnerships around
the world,  Boeing seeks to inspire
students and prepare them for the 21st
century workforce. 

In Mesa,  Ariz.,  Engineering is Elementary
(EiE) enables Mesa Public Schools
teachers and students to develop a greater
understanding of engineering through
fun and interactive curricula.  Last yearmore than 30 Boeing engineers visited
classrooms to emphasize the importance
of studying math and science to support
the EiE program,  which has reached more
than 4000 students and 106 teachers. 
Photo: Korin Forbes/Mesa Public Schools 
MORE THAN

50%
OF BOEING'S
COMMUNITY INVESTMENTS

SUPPORT
EDUCATIONAL PROGRAMS

AROUND THE WORLD


Collaborating in the United States with
public and private partners,  Boeing is
 founding member of the Midwest
Aviation Sustainable Biofuels Initiative
(MASBI),  which advances aviation biofuel
development in the Midwest.  By driving
innovation in emerging clean technologies,  MASBI promotes the development
of biofuels as well as the long-term
economic potential of the region. 
Photo: iStockphoto, com/Quirex 
10

Environment 
When we consider
humanity's effects
on nature,  we see
opportunities,  not
obligations.  As a
business and citizen
of the global
community,  we
are innovating with
fresh approaches
toward building a
better planet. 

Boeing has a history of achieving the
impossible through the confidence to leadthe courage to innovate and the ingenuity
to transform what could be into reality. 
With our employees,  we leverage that
history to build a better future worldwide. 
And as a committed,  responsible environmental leader focused on healthy global
growth,  we collaborate with research
institutions,  customers,  universities and
governments to solve problems and
educate our communities about the
importance of environmental protection
and preservation. 
The Roundtable on Sustainable
Biomaterials (RSB),  an internationalmulti-stakeholder initiative dedicated to
effective,  responsible biomaterials
production and processing,  is one of
our partners.  Through this collaborationBoeing is helping Southeast Asian
farmers grow plants that can be used
to make sustainable aviation biofuel. 
'We are working with partners from
across Southeast Asia to identify how we
can join together to help small farmers
improve their production and income, "
says Rolf Hogan,  executive secretary of
the RSB.  'Certifying small farmers is the
surest way to ensure sustainable biofuels
that not only reduce carbon emissions
but also improve the livelihoods of
rural communities. "
These farms,  typically small and familyowned,  provide a living for 2 billion
people in Southeast Asia.  Often,  howeverthe farmers lack the resources that
would make it possible to expand their
operations.  Working with the RSB and
other partners,  Boeing last year funded
 workshop in Kuala Lumpur,  Malaysiacalled 'Sustainable Biomaterials for
Better Livelihoods. " During the eventmore than 60 participants from 15
countries discussed ways to enable these
farmers to add or expand production of
biofuel crops. 
From the farms of Southeast Asia to
the fields and boardrooms of BrazilBoeing continues to support the long-term
development of aviation biofuel.  Boeingalong with GOL Airlines,  the Brazilian
government,  several research institutions
and other players,  recently signed the
Brazil Biojetfuel Platform,  a plan to create
 sustainable Brazilian aviation biofuel
supply chain.  Boeing further aided that
effort by supporting Brazil's first-ever biofuel flight,  a Sao Paolo-to-Brasilia run in a
GOL Next-Generation 737-800 powered in
part by fuel made from waste cooking oil. 

11

Boeing collaborates with the Roundtable
on Sustainable Biomaterials and other
organizations to help small farmers in
Southeast Asia grow plants for sustainable
biofuel production while improving their
productivity and incomes.  Photo:
Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials
12

GLOBALLY
AN ESTIMATED

500
 I L L I O N

SMALLHOLDER FARMS

SUPPORT
THE LIVELIHOODS OF
 BILLION
PEOPLE

13

From Arizona to South Carolina,  the United
Kingdom to Japan,  Boeing volunteers serve
as advocates for environmental awareness
and positive change.  Photo: Chris Jue 
But Boeing's efforts to improve environmental performance extend well
beyond biofuel. 
Boeing and the nonprofit Engineers
Without Borders-USA (EWB-USA) have
worked together since 2009 to help
solve critical community problems and
create a better world.  Driven by a passion
to improve the quality of life worldwideEWB-USA student and professional
members implement deep-rooted
engineering solutions,  while creating
transformative experiences and
responsible leaders. 
'The opportunity to apply what I have
learned in the classroom to real-world
engineering projects has given me
 broader global perspective and
valuable opportunity to use my education
to improve others' quality of life. " Says
Jessie Spruill,  an EWB Georgia Institute
of Technology (EWB Georgia Tech)
student chapter member.  'Beyond using
my technical knowledge to better the lives
of others,  participating in projects through
Engineers Without Borders also develops
me as a leader and global citizen. "

14

Through a project partially funded by
Boeing,  the EWB-USA Georgia Tech
student chapter is providing access to
clean water for 700 people in OlooUganda.  The project is a starting point
for these future engineers,  who hope to
design a solar-powered irrigation system
and develop a vocational school that will
teach sustainable farming techniques. 
Boeing's strength is its people.  They are
passionate about challenging themselves
and conventional ideas in the pursuit of
pioneering solutions to complex problems. 
United by a deep sense of environmental
stewardship,  we draw on that strength to
build better communities worldwide and
effect positive change across the globe. 
Additional information highlighting
how Boeing is working to build a better
planet,  improve the environmental
performance of our products,  and create
the next generation of technologies
appears in our Environment Report,  at
www, boeing, com/environment. 

IN 2013
BOEING SUPPORTED

40
MORE THAN

EWB-USA STUDENT

PROJECTS

The EWB Georgia Tech Uganda project
works in partnership with the people of
Oloo,  Uganda,  to build sustainable water
supply systems.  The experience enables
American students to lead real-world
projects and develop into responsible
future leaders.  In 2013,  Boeing awarded 67
grants to 54 EWB-USA professional and
student chapters,  with positive impacts on
more than 265000 lives.  Photo: Engineers
Without Borders Georgia Tech
15

Ebitatem est poribus
Working with The Mission Continues,  Frank
imendunt, served his Boeing-sponsored
Parrado quiaturo inus,  sit re eum
fellowship at Veterans Ocean Adventures in
repedi ulloreh enihitaContinues empowers
Miami.  The Mission
nullesti a vel apply their legacy of action and
veterans to entibus
remodis estrumtheir communities.  Photo:
service within
volenimus. Ipistior
Dale Rainville
atquide rrupta dendi
lorem imsps the
anani. 

BOEING AND
ITS EMPLOYEES

DONATED MORE THAN

$164
 I L L I O N

TO MILITARY AND

VETERAN-SPECIFIC
PROGRAMS OR ORGANIZATIONS

IN 2013
16

Military and
Veterans 
Leadership.  Management.  Teamwork. 
Accountability.  Responsibility.  These are
some of the skills military veterans develop
during their service.  But as they return
home and seek to put those skills to worksome face obstacles to employment that
can seem insurmountable. 
Today,  Boeing employs more than 23000
veterans and reservists who have entered
the private sector and stands by to assistby collaborating with organizations like
The Mission Continues. 
'The idea behind The Mission Continues
is to create an opportunity for veterans to
serve in their community.  By doing soveterans rebuild their sense of purpose
while at the same time making their
community stronger, " says Eric Greitensfounder and CEO of The Mission
Continues,  and a former Navy SEAL. 
Through The Mission Continues,  veterans
can serve their country in new ways
through innovative,  action-oriented
programs.  One Boeing-supported effort
awards six-month community service
fellowships to post-9/11 veterans.  This
program encourages veterans to channel
their strengths,  skills and compassion
toward educational,  environmental or
social issues in their communities by
working with local nonprofit organizations. 

Recognizing the
unique value of service
members,  veterans
and military familiesBoeing creates
opportunities and
invests in partnerships
that provide pathways
to build better lives for
them,  their families
and their communities. 

For Boeing Fellow Kimberly McGraw,  The
Mission Continues has been a platform for
teaching philanthropic values to students
and increasing their school and community
involvement.  'I found a new home with
The Mission Continues, " she says.  'Andto me,  that is more than enough energysupport and love than one could ask for. "
In the business sector,  Boeing's partnership with American Corporate Partners
(ACP) allows Boeing professionals to
help returning veterans develop career
paths and build professional contacts. 
Our employees offer mentoring,  career
counseling and networking opportunities'giving back" while gaining a deeper
understanding of issues that face the
veteran community. 
Now serving in the U.S.  Army Judge
Advocate General's Corps,  Capt.  Adam
Mittman says he found ACP helpful in
framing his decisions about re-entering
civilian life.  'The opportunity to meet
regularly with someone who has been
through the transition himself,  and to learn
from their experience,  has been invaluable.  Likewise,  being able to leverage my
mentor's network to learn from others in
potential follow-on professions has helped
clarify the direction I want to take in my
next career. "

Boeing supports American Corporate
Partners,  a nationwide program dedicated
to helping veterans transition from the
armed services to the civilian workforce. 
During yearlong mentorships,  veterans
interact with Boeing professionals to
develop career paths and build professional
networks.  Photo: Charles Wanless 
Click here for more information: Boeing
Military Skills Translator Tool
17

Boeing Employees Veterans Association
endeavors to ensure that our veterans'
dedication and service are never forgottenby staging year-round recognition,  community engagement and networking events. 
Photo: Alex Cole 
His mentor is John Robinson,  a retired
U.S.  Air Force officer and senior manager
in Boeing Government Operations.  Mr. 
Robinson views ACP as an opportunity
to repay those who helped him during
his personal transition,  and a way to
assist the next generation of U.S.  service
members as they separate or retire from
the military.  'It has been a wonderful
experience,  working with motivated and
passionate leaders as they evolve from
 life of service in uniform to a life of
service to their communities in a civilian
capacity, " Capt.  Mittman says. 
Since 2011,  Boeing has managed a
military-careers transition website and
 skills translator tool to help current and
former service members transform their
technical skills,  experience,  integrity
and leadership acumen into career
opportunities.  One beneficiary is Jackie
Sullivan,  an Air Force Academy graduate
who served for five years before
becoming a facilities planner at Boeing
in South Carolina.  'My military service 
Click here for more information: Boeing
Tribute to Service
18

has been instrumental in gaining the
training and experience necessary for my
Boeing career, " she says.  'There are many
similarities between facilities—machineryprocesses,  being able to understand the
customer's perspective—that support
military airfield operations and those
that are required to support production
of the 787. "
The Boeing Employees Veterans Association (BEVA),  an affinity group in which
employees can motivate,  mentor and
coach one another,  serves as a connection point for veterans and reservists
throughout the company. 
'What makes BEVA truly special is that it
recognizes individuals who made a choice
to be a part of something bigger, " says
Alex Cole,  a retired Air Force officer and
president of the Potomac Region BEVA
chapter.  'I am proud to be part of a group
of Boeing employees that makes the extra
effort to support veterans and veteranrelated activities. "

BOEING EMPLOYS

MORE THAN

23000
MILITARY

VETERANS

After serving in the U.S.  Air Force,  Jackie
Sullivan used Boeing's online skills
translator tool to help identify how her
military experiences relate to the civilian
world.  She credits her military experiences
with equipping her for her Boeing career as
 facilities planner.  Photo: Alan Marts
19

Supplies arrive on board a Boeing MV-22B
Osprey during Operation Damayanwhich provided relief in the aftermath of
Typhoon Haiyan.  Photo: U.S.  Marine Corps
by Caleb Eames 
BOEING AND ITS

EMPLOYEES

HAVE DONATED

MORE THAN

$31
 I L L I O N

TO RELIEF EFFORTS

WORLDWIDE

SINCE 2000
20

Humanitarian
Relief 
Human need drives action,  and the sum
of those actions demonstrates Boeing's
long-standing commitment to the economic well-being of our global communities.  Through rapid assistance or targeted
support,  and in partnerships with customers,  relief organizations and other collaborators,  Boeing and its employees provide
essential resources,  talent and support. 
Last year,  Boeing and its employees contributed $17 million to disaster recovery
efforts around the world,  while our
products played a key role in providing
humanitarian assistance. 
Roaring through the Philippines,  Typhoon
Haiyan affected more than 14 million
people.  With the island nation's infrastructure in ruins,  Boeing MV-22 Ospreys
airlifted some of the first relief assets to
reach the survivors.  Deployed by the
Marine Corps,  the aircraft ferried lifesaving
supplies and evacuated those most in
need of medical treatment. 
Meanwhile,  through the Boeing
Humanitarian Delivery Flights programwe worked with Philippine Airlines and
the relief agency World Vision to coordinate a special flight of the airline's newly
purchased Boeing 777-300ER.  Boeing
employees hand-loaded the plane with
40000 pounds of temporary shelter materials,  and the Boeing 777 team donated 
There is no greater
privilege than helping
those in need.  In
the face of natural
disasters or
humanitarian needBoeing's people
and products are
often present to help
communities around
the world. 

the extra fuel needed to fly the cargo from
Everett,  Wash.,  to the Philippines. 
'Helping more than 650000 victims of
Typhoon Haiyan,  we are deeply appreciative of Boeing and Philippine Airlines
for enabling us to deliver these critical
supplies to families who have endured
so much, " says Michael Williams,  supply
chain manager at World Vision. 
The Humanitarian Delivery Flights program
is a collaboration of Boeing,  its airline
customers,  and domestic nonprofit and
international NGOs to combine humanitarian aid with the delivery of new aircraft
throughout the world. 
In accepting its first 777-300ER deliveryKenya Airways worked with Boeing to
transport 10400 pounds of agricultural
equipment and medical supplies for the
Alaska Sudan Medical Project (ASMP). 
 grass-roots charity,  ASMP provides
vital humanitarian aid to the people of
the South Sudan by building medical
clinics,  drilling wells and developing
local agriculture. 
Working with our global network of
customers,  suppliers and community
partners,  Boeing is uniquely positioned
to make a difference during disaster and
humanitarian relief efforts and be a force
for positive change. 

At Boeing's Everett,  Wash.,  Delivery Centermore than 10000 pounds of humanitarian
supplies go into the cargo hold of Kenya
Airways' first 777-300ER.  The cargo helped
build clinics,  drill water wells and develop
agriculture in the South Sudan.  Photo:
Ed Turner 
Click here for video: Boeing Volunteers
Respond in Moore,  Okla. 
21

IN 2013
BOEING AND
ITS EMPLOYEES
CONTRIBUTED MORE THAN

$33
 I L L I O N

TO HEALTH AND HUMAN

SERVICES PROGRAMS

IN 25 COUNTRIES

Since 2012,  Boeing has supported a
project known as 'Saving Indigenous
Plants — Seed Saving Partnership with
Bangli Farmers" through the IDEP Selaras
Alam Foundation.  The foundation works
with local farmers to educate and train
them in renewable farming techniques
for long-term sustainability.  Photo:
Bob Ferguson
22

Click here for video: Cultivating a
Sustainable Future 
Health and
Human Services 
Because we believe
in the human and
economic potential
of our communitiesBoeing supports
programs that increase
the ability of individuals
and communities to
succeed in a constantly
evolving world. 

By helping others achieve well-being and
lead purposeful lives,  Boeing increases the
capacity of individuals and communities
to succeed. 

Egypt and expanded to other parts of the
Middle East,  Start Up promotes regional
employment and helps students launch
and run their own businesses. 

Working with the IDEP Selaras Alam
Foundation in Bali,  Boeing is helping to
equip local farmers with the knowledge
and tools they need to grow organic
foods and improve their quality of life. 

Building on that experience,  Boeing
has partnered with INJAZ El Djazair,  the
Algerian branch of INJAZ Al-Arab,  in
support of its Entrepreneurship Pipeline
initiative,  which aims to build and sustain
an entrepreneurial environment throughout Algeria. 

Known as 'Saving Indigenous Plants—
Seed Saving Partnership with Bangli
Farmers, " the project trains farmers to
organically grow and preserve indigenous
plant seeds sustainably.  The foundation
also assists the farmers in packagingmarketing and selling these seeds
across Bali. 
'I hope we Bangli farmers have sowed the
seed of inspiration in fellow farmers near
and far so others will consider organic
farming to help protect our environment
and livelihood, " explains Ketut Suratna,  a
local farmer. 
In other efforts worldwide,  Boeing is
cultivating the seeds of entrepreneurship
in the leaders of tomorrow. 
Inspiring business innovation among the
youth of the Middle East and North AfricaBoeing and the nonprofit INJAZ Al-Arab
have co-developed the Start Up Program
to reduce unemployment.  Piloted in 
Around the world,  Boeing is enabling
individuals and communities to be
positioned for long-term success by
supporting programs that make systemiclasting contributions. 

'By creating an environment where young
people are encouraged to innovate—from
grassroots business education in primary
and secondary schools to hands-on
business creation training—we have an
opportunity to impact employment and
job creation in Algeria, " says Leen
Abdel Jaber,  executive director of INJAZ
El Djazair. 
In the U.S.,  Boeing employees in the
greater Washington,  D. C.,  area are
working with D. C.  Central Kitchen (DCCK)
to combat hunger and create opportunity
by employing at-risk adults who prepare
nutritious products for an array of community partners.  Since our partnership began
in 2010,  DCCK has provided almost 10
million healthy meals to low-income individuals while growing its social enterprise
portfolio by 400 percent. 

In addition to reducing hunger and delivering balanced meals,  Boeing and D. C. 
Central Kitchen are preparing unemployed
adults to re-enter the workforce.  With our
support,  DCCK's Campus Kitchens Project
expanded its internship program and
realized an 87 percent job placement rate
in 2013.  Photo: D. C.  Central Kitchen
23

72%

Students from Charleston Development
Academy in South Carolina stand before a
mural they created during their Engaging
Creative Minds activities.  Photo: Engaging
Creative Minds. 

OF BUSINESS LEADERS

SAY THAT
CREATIVITY

IS THE NUMBER ONE SKILL

THEY SEEK WHEN

HIRING

*

* mericans for the Arts,  Arts Educations

Navigator: Facts and Figures (2013),  05. 
24

Arts and
Culture 
When we consider our many accomplishments—from designing and building the
earliest biplanes to creating and supporting today's aerospace technologies—
we see that innovation is driven by human
creativity,  curiosity and intellect. 
Through the arts,  we learn to communicate more effectively,  to appreciate
diverse ways of thinking,  and to harness
the power of design.  These critical skillscombined with a solid foundation in math
and the sciences,  will help us answer the
challenges of the 21st-century workplace. 
Boeing's support for the arts and the
humanities centers on efforts that
encourage our global communities to
participate in and encourage cultural
experiences that can broaden their
perspectives,  cultivate their creativity and
prepare them to resolve the complexities
of tomorrow and beyond. 
In South Carolina,  working with a program
called Engaging Creative Minds (ECM)Boeing is helping the arts and education
communities collaborate.  The goal: to
inspire students with the drive to become
imaginative,  adaptable,  productive adults. 
Working with 14 schools in the Charleston
County School District,  ECM reaches
more than 4000 students and produces
cultural festivals for the entire community. 

Imagination plus
discipline equals
innovation.  It's an
equation that every
artist applies. 
We believe that
experiencing the arts
can help tomorrow's
leaders build creative
mindsets—an
advantage that a
complex,  uncertain
future will demand. 

'A major goal of education is to help students think both critically and creatively as
they engage the world around them, " says
Kevin Smith,  principal of C. E.  Williams
Middle School for Creative and Scientific
Arts in Charleston.  'Incorporating the arts
into learning helps to stimulate ideas and
spark the creativity that lives within each
child,  which ultimately fosters world-class
leaders and innovators. "
Boeing's support for a program called
Chicago Shakespeare in the Parks brings
the playwright's imagery,  intrigue and
ingenuity to life for culturally underserved
communities.  The free performancesstaged throughout the city,  also boost
local economies. 
Our commitment to improving communities around the world can be seen in
programs like Folklorama Teachings in
Winnipeg,  Manitoba.  Folklorama enhances
learning and advances professional development through hands-on,  multicultural
experiences that celebrate diversity. 

Since 2012,  Chicago Shakespeare in the
Parks has been breaking down barriers
between audience and performers in 18
community parks throughout the city at no
cost to patrons.  Photo: Chuck Osgood/
Chicago Shakespeare Theater 
Boeing functions at the forefront
of innovation,  and we are convinced that
innovation flourishes when the sciences
and the humanities meet.  The arts are
essential for strong communities—and
successful companies. 

25

BOEING LEADERS
LEND KNOWLEDGE AND
SKILLS TO MORE THAN

500
NONPROFIT

ORGANIZATIONS

BY SERVING ON THEIR BOARDS

Boeing seeks not only to inspire character
development,  but also to celebrate it. 
'A Year in the Blue, " a two-hour,  Boeingsponsored documentary,  reflects on the
lessons learned by Air Force cadets
throughout a year at the Air Force Academy. 
Photo: U.S.  Air Force photo by Mike Kaplan
26

Civic
Engagement 
Boeing supports programs that bring
individuals together to increase public
understanding and engagement in the
issues that affect our communities and
our world.  We believe in building strong
communities and even stronger leaders
through open dialog; a willingness to
understand varied cultures,  perspectives
and issues; and the desire to empower
others to bring about positive change. 

When individuals
actively work together
to improve their
communities,  they
develop into strong
leaders with the
knowledge,  skills and
appreciation to build
 stronger society. 

faculty together,  we facilitate discussions
of global issues. 
Working year-round to support leadership development at the academiesBoeing participates in seminars,  internship
programs and competitions that not only
enrich the educational experience,  but
also provide a foundation of knowledgeskills and appreciation on which to build
 stronger society. 

At Boeing,  leadership is about sharing
knowledge and skills,  as well as developing relationships centered on our core
values.  Nowhere is that approach better
understood than at the U.S.  service
academies,  where future officers
undergo undergraduate education and
leadership training. 

We also bring leadership development
out of the work environment,  through
collaborations with nonprofit organizations. 
By serving on nonprofit boards,  our
employees and leaders share their time
and skills to help amplify the effectiveness
of these vital community partners. 

Working with the United States Military
Academy,  the Naval Academy and
the Air Force Academy,  Boeing supports
 variety of initiatives aimed at developing and preparing America's future
military leaders. 

Michael Kramer,  director of international
business support for Boeing's Shared
Services Group,  serves on the board
of the North Lawndale Employment
Network in Chicago,  which provides
workforce development opportunities
for at-risk individuals. 

Through involvement in major national
conferences such as West Point's
National Conference on Ethics in Americathe Naval Academy's McCain Conference
and the Air Force Academy's National
Character and Leadership Symposiumall of which bring cadets,  midshipmen and 
'Taking the leadership and business skills
I've developed in the workplace to support
an organization with such a great mission
is a privilege, " says Kramer.  'By advancing
their mission,  I'm able to change lives and
improve our community. "

By serving on nonprofit boards,  Boeing
employees have the opportunity to use
and enhance their professional talents
while supporting positive change to their
communities.  Photo: Boeing 
Click here for video: Supporting
Tomorrow's Leaders
27

BOEING EMPLOYEES

CONTRIBUTED

In Southern California,  our employees
have a strong history of supporting
Homeboy Industries and one of their six
social enterprises,  Homegirl Café,  through
the Employees Community Fund. 
Homeboy Industries serves high-riskformerly gang-involved men and women
with a continuum of free services and
programs,  and operates seven social
enterprises that serve as job-training
sites.  Photo: Homeboy Industries
28

$27
. 4
 I L L I O N
THROUGH ECF IN

201


Employees
Community
Fund 
In 2013,  the Employees Community Fund
(ECF) of The Boeing Company enabled
Boeing employees to invest more than
$27 million in grants and partnership
support to local nonprofit organizations. 
As a registered nonprofit,  ECF has been
empowering employees to pool their
tax-deductible donations for greater
impact for more than 60 years.  Recurring
payroll deductions or one-time gifts are
distributed locally across the United States
through employee advisory boards. 
Boeing pays all administrative costs,  so
every employee dollar helps strengthen
local communities. 
In Southern California alone,  ECF helps
more than 350 nonprofit organizations
every year.  One of them is Homeboy
Industries,  the largest gang interventionrehab and re-entry program in the
United States.  Based in downtown Los
Angeles,  it demonstrates how a community partnership with Boeing and its
employees can succeed. 
Boeing sponsors the Homeboy Solar
Panel Installation Training and Certification
Program,  which prepares candidates for
employment in a 'green" industry.  At the
same time,  through ECF our employees in
Southern California support the Homegirl
Café & Catering Training Program.  One
of Homeboy's six social enterprises
For generationsour employees have
demonstrated
dedication to building
better communities
worldwide through
Boeing's Employees
Community Fund—
one of the largest
employee owned and
managed funds of its
kind in the world. 

Homegirl Café enables young people
to gain fundamental job skills in a supportive environment.  Serving more than
just breakfast and lunch,  Homegirl Café
empowers women to support themselves
and their families while developing job
skills as they work toward better lives. 
'Boeing employees don't want to just go
to work,  earn a paycheck and go home, "
says Steve Goo,  Boeing vice president
of Aircraft Modernization Services and
 Homeboy Industries board member. 
'They want to do something that matterssomething lasting for their communities
and neighbors. "
In the state of Washington,  Boeing ECF
members supported Enduring Supporta USO Northwest capital campaign
aimed at building a new USO lounge with
amenities for traveling service members at
Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. 
'Knowing there is a comfortable,  welcoming place to call home while service
members or their spouses travel means
 lot to them, " says Don Leingang,  USO
Northwest executive director.  'It's a great
privilege to work with individuals like those
with the Employees Community Fund of
Boeing Puget Sound who recognize the
sacrifices they make. "

From left to right,  Army Staff Sgt. 
Brandon Moffett and Bill Baker,  manager
of the USO Welcome Center at SeattleTacoma International Airport,  meet with
Rod Sigvartson,  president of Boeing
Employees Community Fund in Puget
Sound,  to discuss renovations that a grant
from the employee-managed fund will help
make possible.  Photo: Jim Anderson 
Click here for video: Boeing Support Helps
Homeboy Industries Make a Difference
29

22 COUNTRIES

50 STATES

365

DAYS A YEAR
THOUSANDS

OF BOEING

VOLUNTEERS

Through skills-based volunteer effortsBoeing employees used their Lean+
training and knowledge to pinpoint 36
opportunities for process improvementhelping the Seattle Aquarium's education
program reduce the time it takes for
visitors to register and for aquarium
staff to process a request.  Photo:
Marian Lockhart
30

Volunteering 
One of the most amazing things we
build doesn't even fly.  It's a movement in
which,  every day,  thousands of Boeing
employee volunteers help build better
communities.  They mentor youth,  bring
learning outside the classroom,  lend
helping hands,  preserve natural habitatsand leverage their professional skills
to improve the effectiveness of their
community partners. 
Take Blake Skouras,  a manager in Boeing's
747 Lean+ Promotion Office in EverettWash.  He leads a team focused on
reducing manufacturing time and overall
costs for one of aviation's most iconic
airplanes,  and he uses his knowledge
to help another Puget Sound icon—the
Seattle Aquarium. 
Using the Lean+ problem-solving model
to make process improvements,  Skouras
set out to boost the efficiency of the
aquarium's visitor registration process by
reducing the amount of time it takes for
groups to sign up for visits.  The result is
easing administrative staff burdens and
improving the customer experience. 
'We anticipate seeing time savings of
anywhere between 25 and 80 percent, "
says Catie Fyfe,  who manages school and
family programs at the aquarium.  'This
means we are able to bring more students
and families in the door,  allowing us to 
Every day,  around
the globe,  thousands
of Boeing volunteers
come together to build
better communities. 
We believe that
volunteering is not
just a valuable
contribution,  but also
an opportunity for
personal growth and
social change. 

meet our mission of educating more people about the importance of our oceans. "
Five thousand miles away,  employees at
Boeing's Moscow Design Center helped
raise funds for Downside Up,  a Russian
nonprofit aimed at training and working
with children with Down syndrome. 
Boeing Moscow has supported a number
of volunteer activities at the Downside
Up center in Moscow. 
'Participation by members of the community is vital, " says Anna Portugalova of the
Downside Up Charity Fund.  'For several
years,  Boeing Russia has helped us to
implement early intervention programs for
children,  enabling us to make tremendous
progress in tangibly improving the lives
of Russian people. "
To sum it all up,  the passion to help improve lives and communities burns brightly
in thousands of Boeing employees,  their
family members and their friends.  In
connection with our annual Earth Day and
Global Month of Service activities alonethey supported more than 280 events. 
Across the globe,  Boeing volunteers
willingly give their time and talents to
experiences that help communities thriveand cultivate personal as well as professional growth. 

Boeing India President Pratyush Kumar
accompanies a young patient during
 volunteer event in Bangalore where
free medical checkups were provided to
almost 400 children.  The event was held in
connection with our 2013 Global Month of
Service,  when Boeing employees in India
and throughout the world engaged in more
than 140 Boeing-supported community
programs during the month of July. 
Photo: Max Ali 
Click here for more information: Diving
in for Success
31

By donating their time,  money and skillsBoeing employees build better communities
worldwide every day. 

This report is available online at boeing, com/community
32

Photo: Maria Passaseo 
Boeing is a responsible partner,  neighbor and citizen to the diverse
communities and customers we serve.  We are building a better future with
innovative products that are cleaner,  more efficient and set a new standard for
performance.  Boeing follows responsible business practices and promotes
positive changes in the lives of people around the world while growing shareholder and customer value in a competitive global marketplace. 

Visit us at boeing, com
to learn more about
Boeing and how extraordinary innovations
in our products and
services are helping
solve the world's
toughest problems. 

76793boloose2, indd 3

Visit us at boeing, com/
environment to
view our current
Environment Report
and information on
how the people of
Boeing are developing
ways to protect the
planet and create a
better tomorrow. 

Visit us at boeing, com/
investorrelations to
view our annual
reports and to find
additional information
about our financial
performance and
Boeing business
practices. 

THE BOEING COMPANY
2013 ANNUAL REPORT

Photo above:
With all-new engines
and composite wingsthe 777X will be the
largest,  most efficient
twin-engine jet in the
world. 

2/14/14 2:01 PM

Visit us at boeing, com/
community to view our
Corporate Citizenship
Report and other
information about how
Boeing is working to
improve communities
worldwide. 

Copyright © 2014 Boeing.  All rights reserved. 



The Boeing Company
100 North Riverside Plaza
Chicago,  IL 60606-1596
USA




