Annual Report 2008

Our Brand Portfolio 
adidas has a clear mission 'to be the leading sports brand
in the world".  To accomplish this mission,  the brand comprises
two divisions that reflect two distinct market segments: Sport
Performance and Sport Style.  Product and marketing initiatives
at adidas primarily focus on five global priorities: footballrunning,  training,  basketball and Originals. 

Inspired by its roots in sports and women's fitness,  Reebok
is a global brand that is committed to developing innovative
products which will allow Reebok to own Women's Fitnesschallenge Men's Sport and revive Classics.  The Reebok
segment also comprises the brands Reebok-CCM Hockey
and Rockport. 

TaylorMade-adidas Golf is a leader in the industry and the
number one metalwood supplier.  It focuses on consumers
who seek the most innovative,  performance-enhancing golf
equipment available,  including technologically superior clubsballs,  footwear and apparel.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf markets
products under the brand names TaylorMade,  adidas Golf and
Ashworth. 

adidas 
Reebok 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
2008

Net sales € in millions
Gross profit € in millions
Gross margin
Operating profit € in millions
Operating margin
Number of employees 
2007

Change 
7821
3802
486%
1098
140%
23202

7113
3370
474%
920
129%
18678

10%
13%
12pp
19%
11pp
242%

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 

2008

Net sales € in millions
Gross profit € in millions
Gross margin
Operating profit € in millions
Operating margin
Number of employees 
2007

Change 
2148
795
370%
(7)
(03%)
8189

2333
902
387%
109
47%
6751

(8%)
(12%)
(17pp)
(106%)
(50pp)
213%

2008

Net sales € in millions
Gross profit € in millions
Gross margin
Operating profit € in millions
Operating margin
Number of employees 
2007

Change 
812
359
443%
78
96%
1852

804
360
447%
65
81%
1393

1%
(0%)
(05pp)
20%
15pp
330%

Financial Highlights 2008

Financial highlights (IFRS)

Net sales
€ in millions
2008

2007

Change 
2004 1)

5860

2005 1)
Operating highlights (€ in millions)
Net sales
EBITDA
Operating profit
Net income attributable to shareholders 
10799
1277
1070
642

10299
1165
949
551

49%
97%
127%
164%

Key ratios (%)
Gross margin
Other operating expenses as a percentage of net sales
Operating margin
Effective tax rate
Net income attributable to shareholders as a percentage of net sales
Operating working capital as a percentage of net sales
Equity ratio
Financial leverage
Return on equity 
487%
405%
99%
288%
59%
245%
355%
646%
189%

474%
400%
92%
318%
54%
252%
363%
584%
182%

13pp
06pp
07pp
(30pp)
06pp
(07pp)
(08pp)
62pp
07pp 
Balance sheet and cash flow data (€ in millions)
Total assets
Inventories
Receivables and other current assets
Working capital
Net borrowings
Shareholders' equity
Capital expenditure
Net cash provided by operating activities 
9533
1995
2523
1290
2189
3386
380
497

8325
1629
2048
1522
1766
3023
289
780

145%
225%
232%
(153%)
240%
120%
316%
(363%)

Per share of common stock (€)
Basic earnings
Diluted earnings
Operating cash flow
Dividend
Share price at year-end 
325
307
252
050 3)
2714

271
257
383
050
5126

6636

199%
196%
(343%)
00%
(471%)

Other (at year-end)
Number of employees
Number of shares outstanding
Average number of shares 
2006

31344
203628960
203594975

244%
(50%)
(30%)

10084

2007

10299

2008

10799

Net income attributable to shareholders
€ in millions
2004
2005
2006 2)
2007
2008

38982
193515512
197562346

2)

314
383
483
551
642

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 
3) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 

Targets 2008

Results 2008

Outlook 2009

High-single-digit currency-neutral sales growth 
Net sales reach € 108 billion;
Group currency-neutral sales grow 9 %

Low- to mid-single-digit currency-neutral sales decline 
Bring major new concepts,  technology evolutions
and revolutions to market 
Major 2008 product launches:
-- adidas F50 TUNIT ™ football boot,  new technologies
in adiSTAR® and adiZero™ running shoe familiesmen's TECHFIT Power WEB,  miCoach training system
-- Reebok Premier Verona KFS running shoe,  Premier
SmoothFit™ Cushion,  Freestyle Cities collection
- Rockport Rockport Signature Series
-- TaylorMade-adidas Golf Tour Burner® TP driver-r7® CGB MAX Limited driver,  my TP ballTOUR 360 LTD shoe 
Bring major new concepts,  technology evolutions
and revolutions to market 
Currency-neutral sales to grow at all brands
and in all regions except North America 
Currency-neutral sales increase 14 % at adidas,  grow 7 %
at TaylorMade-adidas Golf but decrease 2 % at Reebok;
currency-neutral sales grow in all regions except North
America 
On a currency-neutral basis:
- low- to mid-single-digit sales decline for adidas segment
-- at least stable sales for Reebok segment
-- low-single-digit sales increase at TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
Increase gross margin to a level between 475 and 480 %

Gross margin: 487 %

Gross margin decline 
Operating margin to be at least 95 %

Operating margin: 99 %

Operating margin decline 
Further reduce operating working capital as a percentage
of sales 
Operating working capital as a percentage of sales further
reduced to 245 %

Reduce operating working capital as a percentage of sales 
Capital expenditure range € 300 million € 400 million 
Capital expenditure: € 380 million 
Capital expenditure range € 300 million € 400 million 
Maintain or further reduce net borrowings
despite share buyback 
Net borrowings increased to € 2189 billion;
year-end financial leverage: 646%

Reduce net borrowings 
Net income to grow at least 15 %

Highest ever net income attributable to shareholders
at € 642 million (+16 %)

Net income decline 
Further increase shareholder value 
Share buyback programme in an amount of € 409 million
completed in October; unchanged dividend of € 050 per share;
adidas AG share price declines 47 %

Further increase shareholder value 
We live sport like no other company.  And we strive to
be the global leader in the sporting goods industry. 
That's our goal.  We know our strengths.  We know
where to attack.  We have a dynamic team.  We share
values such as performance,  passion,  integrity and
diversity.  And we have lots of energy.  Our next moves
are planned.  Our tactics are set.  We're ready to go to
the next round.  And we have a strategy:

Growth
adidas Group
 signal of brand strength.  New perspectives without moving too far
from the core.  Sport has no boundaries. 

> 35



Emerging markets > 35% of sales Core to our growth
strategy is increasing our exposure to high-growth
emerging markets.  Our industry is truly global.  Sport
and a sporting lifestyle are part of everyday lives. 
With an unrivalled product portfolio and leadership in
product innovation and design,  we strive to connect
to consumers in all corners of the world.  This is our
game plan for reaching more than 35% of sales in the
emerging markets. 

16

Dwight Howard
adidas
Setting goals and achieving them this is what Dwight
Howard has been doing ever since he started playing
basketball.  At the age of 22 years,  Dwight Howard was the
youngest player on the gold medal winning US basketball
team at the Beijing Olympic Games.  He has a clear goal
for 2009: To win 16 games throughout the playoffs and
lead his teammates to the ultimate victory the NBA
Championship.  'The game plan to reach this goal is to
play hard every day and play as a team. "

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008



Lewis Hamilton
Reebok
Lewis Hamilton is an extraordinary Formula One driver
– 2008 was his year: He became the youngest ever
Formula One World Champion.  His performance is
extreme and his goal very clear: To stay No.  1,  defending
his World Championship title in 2009 and beyond.  His
game plan to get there is drafted already: 'Train in a
disciplined way,  concentrate on physical fitness and deal
with pressure proficiently. "



Kapitel 
Head II

Distribution
adidas Group
The first moment of truth.  Brand statement.  Right product.  Right store. 
Right time.  Closest to the consumer. 

> 35



Controlled space > 35% of sales Controlled space is becoming
one of our most dynamic business models.  Encompassing
own-retail stores,  e-commerce and retail space management
such as shop-in-shops expanding these initiatives is a key
component of providing the highest level of customer service
to our retail partners and deepening our connection with
the consumer.  Our goal is to have at least 35% of our sales in
controlled space.  And our game plan will take us there. 

Stay
No. 



Sergio Garcia
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
Sergio Garcia became the first European-born player in
more than a decade to attain the No.  2 position in the
World Golf Ranking.  His swing made him famous.  His
precision is legendary.  His goal for 2009? To win a Majorone of the four most prestigious annual tournaments in
professional golf.  And he will get there by following his
game plan: 'Hit the right shot at the right time,  focus on
my skills and use them to their full capacity. "

10

Kapitel 
Head II

Profitability
adidas Group
The ultimate measure of corporate performance.  Separating quality
from quantity.  Taking the right opportunities.  Reducing complexity. 
Uniting our team. 

Win a 
Major 
>11



Operating margin > 11% Improving our operating margin is a
cornerstone to increasing shareholder value.  It is a significant
opportunity for our Group and at the heart of our strategic
planning.  While following the most value-enhancing growth
opportunities,  we also engage in comprehensive programmes
to become a more streamlined and efficient organisation.  This
is the game plan that will lead us to an operating margin of at
least 11%. 

Financial strength
adidas Group
The resources for realising our vision.  Efficient and diverse.  Withstanding the elements.  Currency to execute. 



Regain
No. 

< 50



Financial leverage < 50% Only through a strong balance sheet
can we build our business for the future and achieve our
potential.  We continually strive to improve the efficiency of our
business cycle.  We scope our investments in line with the
priorities of our strategic plan.  We seek diversity in our capital
structure to achieve superior returns to our stakeholders.  We
will reduce our financial leverage to under 50% by following
our game plan. 

Ana Ivanovic
adidas
Ana Ivanovic has always had big dreams.  The 21-year-oldwinner of the 2008 Roland Garros title,  believes that
making dreams come true is a mixture of desire,  spirit
and hard work.  Her two biggest goals for the foreseeable
future are to win another Grand Slam tournament
and regain the World No.  1 ranking.  'I try to focus on
improving my game and fitness every day.  This is my
game plan. "

We are driven by our passion for sports.  And have been
for more than 60 years.  Our Group is defined by enthusiasm,  ambition and persistence.  Like every athletewe set ourselves ambitious goals and give our all to
achieve them.  We've made this experience our own. 
Strong brands,  innovative products,  timeless designs
and ground-breaking technologies are the key to our
success.  And so is our strategy:

14

Kapitel 
Head II

Group Management Report Our Financial Year
Group Business Performance
Economic and Sector Development
Income Statement
Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Statement
Treasury
Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 of the
German Commercial Code and Explanatory Report
Business Performance by Segment
adidas Business Performance
Reebok Business Performance
TaylorMade-adidas Golf Business Performance
Risk and Opportunity Report
Subsequent Events and Outlook 
044
044
045
046
048
052
056
058
062
064
064
067
070
074

To Our Shareholders
Interview with the CEO
Executive Board
Supervisory Board Report
Supervisory Board
Corporate Governance Report
Compensation Report
Operational and Sporting Highlights 2008
Our Share 
012
018
020
025
026
030
034
038

080
080
082
090
093
096
099
099
102
105
107
120

Consolidated Financial Statements
Responsibility Statement
Independent Auditor's Report
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Consolidated Income Statement
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Consolidated Statement of Recognised
Income and Expense
Notes
Statement of Movements of Intangible
and Tangible Assets and Financial Assets
Shareholdings
Segmental Information
Ten-Year Overview
Glossary
Index
Financial Calendar 2009

150
151
152
153
154
156
157
196
198
204
206
208
214
215

Products and Campaigns
adidas 128
Products and Campaigns
Reebok 138
Products and Campaigns
TaylorMade-adidas Golf 146
Products and Campaigns 

2

4


Table of Contents 
Group Management Report Our Group
Structure and Strategy
Corporate Mission Statement
Group Brands and Divisions
Group Strategy
adidas Strategy
Reebok Strategy
TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy
Internal Group Management System
Major Locations and Promotion Partnerships
Corporate Functions
Global Operations
Sustainability
Employees
Research and Development 
Interview with the CEO
In 2008,  the adidas Group delivered a strong financial
performance.  Positive momentum in the adidas and
TaylorMade-adidas Golf segments propelled the Group
to a 9% currency-neutral sales increase and 20% earnings
per share growth.  2009,  however,  will be a challenging
year.  Nevertheless,  the adidas Group is sticking to its
'game plan".  With strong market positions around the
globe and a full pipeline of exciting new brand initiativesthe Group is ready to take advantage of the opportunities
these difficult times present. 

Herbert Hainer
CEO and Chairman of the Executive Board 
In the following interview,  Herbert Haineradidas Group CEO and Chairman,  reviews 2008
and discusses the Group's strategic and
financial outlook. 

012

To Our Shareholders 
Interview with the CEO

Herbert,  the adidas Group reported a significant earnings increase in 2008. 
What were the key operational and financial highlights for you in 2008?
When I look back at any year,  there are two important factors I always examine
to evaluate our Group's performance.  Did we take our opportunities and have we
shaped our business for the future? I am proud to report that the adidas Group did
both of those things in 2008,  setting new financial records along the way. 
We missed no opportunity to reinforce brand image and underline the performance credentials of our brands,  which can be clearly attested by powerful
performances at key sporting events.  We raised standards throughout all facets
of our organisation,  from concept creation right through to marketing and supply
chain execution.  We continued to make forward-looking investments,  and spent
almost € 400 million expanding our controlled space activities,  consolidating
warehousing and upgrading our IT infrastructure.  We brought talented people on
board,  to strengthen our workforce.  These measures highlight our consistency in
building the right platform to support our strategic goals. 
Our financial results speak for themselves.  Group currency-neutral sales
grew 9%. The strength of our product offering drove gross margin to a new alltime record level of 487%.  As a result,  the Group's operating margin improved
considerably to 99%.  And net income increased 16%,  representing double-digit
earnings growth for the eighth consecutive year.  As a result of our share buyback
programme,  earnings per share jumped 20%.  This record performance is clearly
 testament to the underlying strengths of our business model being globaldiversified and consumer-focused. 

Last year's major sporting events were followed by billions of viewers all around
the world.  You had high expectations did you achieve your goals?
We approach major sporting events with the same goals as the athletes who take
part bring your best game to the competition and strive for personal bests.  And
that's exactly what I believe we did in 2008.  We clearly dominated the world's
largest sporting events the UEFA EURO 2008™ and the Beijing 2008 Olympic
Games. 
The European Football Championship offered us the perfect stage to highlight our position as the leader in the football category.  And what more can you ask
for than an all-adidas final between Spain and Germany? Eye-catching marketing
activities outside the stadiums gave fans and footballers on every level first-hand
experience that we live and breathe football.  We successfully launched and commercialised an entire new line of footwear and apparel adiPure.  In its first year
alone,  this line has flourished and already notched up over half a million pairs in
sales.  Leveraging events like this and our unrivalled commitment to innovation
has allowed us to grow adidas' football business over 50% in a mere four years. 
And I can assure you,  with the 2010 FIFA World Cup™ on the horizon,  the best is
still to come. 
At the Olympic Games,  we brought home the message that adidas is the true
Olympic brand.  Our award-winning campaign 'Together in 2008 Impossible is
Nothing' captured the spirit of the Olympic Games and united the Chinese peoplethe great event and our brand.  During the Games,  we provided first-class service
and exciting products to more than 3000 athletes in 27 out of the 28 Olympic
sports,  making us the most visible brand around the event.  As a result,  we today
have a very close connection with the Chinese consumer.  This I am sure will have
 long-term positive effect on our brand image in the Chinese market,  helping us
sustain market leadership in one of the world's most exciting economies. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

013

Looking at the adidas brand development,  you already talked about the major
sporting events.  But that can't be the full story.  What else drove the brand's
performance in 2008?
Every year we set ambitious targets for the adidas brand and major events are
just one part of that.  In 2008,  the brand shifted up a gear and our results reflect
the broad-based strength we enjoy today across all categories.  Sales grew by 14%
currency-neutral and the adidas gross margin marked an all-time high at 486%while operating margin increased to a record 140%.  adidas is all about performance and helping consumers to achieve their own personal
'impossible" goals.  We bring this to life every day by launching key product innovations such as the new generation of
adiZero™ running shoes or our high-performance TECHFIT™
apparel initiatives.  And the result is clear.  In addition to football,  adidas' other key performance categories running,  training and basketball
scored double-digit rate sales increases in 2008.  And our Sport Style division also
finished the year up 10% currency-neutral,  as our products continue to generate
 buzz in the sports-inspired lifestyle market. 

014

To Our Shareholders 
Interview with the CEO

adidas has made good progress in recent years.  Can you explain what the brand
will focus on to keep momentum going?
Over the last four years,  adidas sales have advanced at an average currencyneutral growth rate of 13%.  That figure alone illustrates the desirability of the
brand and the bond we have built with consumers all over the world.  In 2009although adidas may be celebrating its 60th anniversary,  I can assure you this
great brand is nowhere near retirement age.  We are in the midst of a step change
in our industry.  The age of personalisation will radically transform what it means
to be a consumer goods company.  We will focus even more on the consumer
– acknowledging that today's world is neither about mass products nor mass
marketing anymore.  It is about building relationships with the individual.  By
understanding consumers' buying habits,  their fitness level,  their motivations for
doing sport,  their goals for the season or the next race,  or even the next party we
can create more meaningful products,  services and experiences that build a lasting impression beyond product,  price and promotion.  Programmes like miCoachmi Performance,  miTeam and mi Originals,  or collections like the adidas SLVR
Label and adidas Style Essentials already make us the standout leader in this
respect.  With this in mind,  I have no doubt that our consumers and retail partners
will continue to embrace adidas like no other brand.  And we have the right formula
to create long-lasting momentum for the brand also for the next sixty years. 

Reebok did not deliver on your initial expectations for 2008 and your guidance
is for a stable sales development in 2009.  What have you changed in the past
12 months that gives you this confidence?
2008 was a challenging year for Reebok and I am disappointed not to be able
to show the financial improvements we anticipated at the beginning of the year. 
Although we continued to make progress expanding the brand in international
markets,  declines in particular in the USA,  UK and Japan led to a currency-neutral
sales decrease of 2%.  While tough conditions in these markets burdened Reebok's
performance,  we have to acknowledge that our clean-up efforts of old Reebok
products have taken longer than we originally expected.  But the Reebok brand is
moving in the right direction. 
After several years of hard work and refining our business in Europe and
Latin America we are able to move forward with the implementation of joint operating structures for adidas and Reebok in these markets.  This organisational
format which is proving so successful in Asia and Russia will ensure we actively
leverage the Group's strengths with customers and in back-office functions.  We
also fine-tuned Reebok's global brand priorities.  As I told you last year,  our biggest
test is to make the Reebok brand more relevant for consumers.  In this respect
Reebok has developed a clear roadmap for its key businesses going forward:

Own Women's Fitness,  Challenge Men's Sport and Revive Classics.  And here
 believe we are now in a position to really show the consumer what Reebok is
all about.  Take for example our new partnership with Cirque du Soleil.  Togetherwe have just launched a truly groundbreaking and game-changing initiative
'JUKARI Fit to Fly™".  This is an entirely new workout experience,  inspired by the
imaginative,  theatrical and physically demanding artistry of Cirque du Soleil.  On
the product front,  there is also a striking improvement in our 2009 collections.  As
you know,  innovation and design are critical for capturing consumer attention. 
Products must stand out.  And therefore innovation must be something tangible and unique and easy to understand.  Products such as the EasyTone™ and
SelectRide™ fit that category. 
With all this in mind,  I can only see the quality of the Reebok business
improving in 2009.  However,  let's make no mistake: The year ahead will not
be easy.  We still need to deal with some issues,  in particular maintaining our
discipline in getting distribution for the brand right.  But I am confident that our
dedication and passion will take us another step further in 2009. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

015

TaylorMade-adidas Golf was very resilient in a tough golf market.  Will you be
able to continue this performance in 2009?
Looking back at the year 2008,  we cannot ignore the magnitude of TaylorMadeadidas Golf's success.  Sales increased 7% currency-neutral,  while most of our
major competitors suffered declines.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf's progress proves
an important point there is always room to grow even in difficult times.  During
the year,  we extended our market leadership in the critical metalwoods category
in each of our main markets.  In North America,  we lead our closest competitor
now by more than ten percentage points thanks to the phenomenal launch of
the Burner® and Tour Burner® drivers.  In 2008,  we have also made solid gains in
categories like balls and putters with the highly successful launch of our TP Tour
ball and the Spider family of putters which have simultaneously led to a jump in
gross margin in these categories. 
 do believe the golf industry will be bumpy in 2009.  Nevertheless,  there is
still plenty of opportunity to gain market and mind share.  In 2009,  TaylorMade
will continue to leverage the terrific success of the Burner® golf club line with
the launch of new Burner® irons.  Our new revolutionary R9™ driver has already
become the number one played driver on the European Tour in a few short weeks. 
With the acquisition of Ashworth,  we have supplemented our existing high-tech
performance-infused adidas Golf apparel with an authentic golf lifestyle brand. 
That makes us the undisputed market leader in golf apparel globally.  I'm equally
excited about the additions we have made to our already impressive list of
PGA Tour Staff professionals.  We have signed seventeen new players for 2009providing the ultimate validation for our company's products.  With all these great
initiatives and the full support of the adidas Group,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf is
firmly on its way to becoming the number one golf company in the world. 

016

To Our Shareholders 
Interview with the CEO

Are there any particular measures you will take to deal with the current macroeconomic difficulties?
Staying competitive during this difficult period is of the utmost importance.  And
this is a time when we must act responsibly for the good of all our stakeholders. 
We alone cannot remedy the failings of the financial markets nor is this our goal. 
But this downturn provides a reminder that in every environment good and
bad we should be constantly challenging ourselves to find ways to make our
business stronger. 
With a Group our size,  becoming faster,  leaner and more efficient is paramount and we are always looking for ways to create new efficiencies.  Thereforewe already are a step ahead of the field in this time of crisis.  As I mentioned beforewe have implemented a joint operating model for adidas and Reebok in Europe
and Latin America.  Also at brand adidas,  a year ago we introduced a comprehensive programme to reduce complexity and increase efficiency in the marketing
organisation.  Across the Group,  we have quickly taken some very decisive
measures to improve our cost base such as cutting back on travel expenses and
external consultants,  and implementing a hiring freeze.  At the beginning of this
year we also reduced our workforce at Reebok and TaylorMade in the US and
announced a restructuring of Reebok's operation in the UK. 
But we will not cost-cut our way out of this crisis.  I believe the real winners
of this crisis will be the ones who remain consistent with their long-term strategies and don't get too caught up in short-termism.  Our focus in 2009 will therefore
be a two-way approach: Strictly reduce all types of costs that do not contribute
directly to our business success,  while on the other hand investing in our future
success.  Own retail and controlled space roll-out remain top of the list.  We will
invest in new long-term promotion partnerships.  We will continue to invest in
infrastructure projects to create future synergies.  With these investments and a
tight rein on costs,  our position when the economic environment rebounds will
be even stronger. 

How do you see 2009 shaping up from a financial point of view for the entire
Group?
Entering 2009,  the market is clearly challenging.  There is so much interdependence between economies these days that the effects of economic slowdown will
be felt everywhere and not just in isolated regions like we have seen in the past. 
Therefore,  the impact this is going to have on consumers and our retail partners
alike is difficult to judge today.  Nobody can tell how severely rising unemployment
rates and lower consumer confidence will affect private consumption but it is
clear the consumer will be spending less in 2009. 
In light of these factors,  we forecast full year sales to decrease at a low- to
mid-single-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis.  Gross margin will be under
pressure given the promotional retailer landscape in mature markets as well as
expected higher sourcing costs in particular in the first half of the year.  While we
will be very disciplined in managing our operating cost base,  earnings per share
will decline this year.  The magnitude of the decline will to a large extent depend
on how currencies move over the year.  Currencies such as the Russian ruble,  the
British pound and several currencies in Latin America have significantly depreciated against the euro.  I personally see this as our biggest risk in 2009. 
Nevertheless,  I am convinced our Group enters this period stronger than
ever and we are doing all the right things to keep our company on its long-term
growth path.  We have the resources and the energy to tackle the challenges that
come.  And don't forget the 2010 FIFA World Cup™ is just around the corner an
event that plays to the very strengths of our Group and which will already start
positively impacting our business later this year. 

You have been quoted as saying the sporting goods industry is more resilient
than other consumer segments in macroeconomic downturns.  What are
the reasons for that and how do you see the adidas Group positioned in this
respect?
 believe our industry and our Group in particular have a good chance to decouple
from at least some of the negative macroeconomic trends.  Sport is part of the
fabric of society right from the professional athlete to the Sunday sports fan. 
Individuals and governments place increasing importance
on health and fitness.  Sport participation rates will continue
to grow particularly in the emerging markets as personal
wealth increases.  In addition,  we address young consumers
– a target audience that is less susceptible to economic
downturns as they do not suffer the financial constraints of,  for example,  mortgages or car leases.  And don't forget we are talking about fairly low-ticket items
relative to many other consumer goods segments. 
Within our industry,  we enjoy a leading position with a well-balanced and
extensive product offering spanning performance and lifestyle.  Today,  no matter
on which playing field there is no doubt our Group leads the industry when
it comes to innovation,  design and service.  We are present in all major sports
categories.  We have a partnership portfolio that is second to none.  And we are
following a controlled space strategy that will ensure we stay right in front of
the consumer.  Although we cannot control the macro environment or currencieswe are in control of our business.  And that is why we will continue to execute
our 'game plan" to build a long-term growth company for the benefit of all our
stakeholders. 

Herbert,  thank you for this interview. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

017

018

To Our Shareholders 
Executive Board 
Executive Board
Our Executive Board is comprised of four members who
reflect the diversity and international character of our
Group.  Each Board member is responsible for at least one
major function within the Group. 

Herbert Hainer
was born in Dingolfing,  Germany,  in 1954.  Following his business studies,  Herbert Hainer spent
eight years with Procter & Gamble in various sales and marketing positions.  He joined adidas
Germany in 1987 and has held numerous management positions within the Group,  including
Managing Director Germany and Senior Vice President for Sales and Logistics in Europe,  Africa
and the Middle East.  Herbert Hainer joined the Executive Board in 1997 and became CEO and
Chairman of the Executive Board of adidas AG1) in 2001.  He is married,  has one daughter and lives
in Herzogenaurach. 
3rd position from left 
Robin J.  Stalker
was born in Palmerston North,  New Zealand,  in 1958.  In 1982,  following his degree in business
studies,  he began his professional career and qualified as a Chartered Accountant.  He worked
for Arthur Young in New Zealand and London and subsequently held financial and controlling
positions in the entertainment industry,  including United International Pictures and Warner Bros. 
International as well as working as an independent consultant.  Robin J.  Stalker joined adidas AG
in 1996.  Since February 2000,  he has been Chief Financial Officer of adidas AG1) and was appointed
to the Executive Board,  responsible for Finance,  in 2001.  In 2005,  he assumed additional responsibility as Labour Director.  Robin J.  Stalker is married and lives near Herzogenaurach. 
2nd position from left 
Herbert Hainer is also:
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  FC Bayern München AG,  Munich,  Germany
Member of the Supervisory Board,  Engelhorn KGaA,  Mannheim,  Germany
Member of the Supervisory Board,  Allianz Deutschland AG,  Munich,  Germany 
Glenn Bennett
was born in New Hampshire,  USA,  in 1963.  With a degree in computer science,  he began his
professional career with Reebok International Ltd.  in 1983,  where he worked for ten years in
various operations and product functions of which the latest was Director of Footwear Development.  In 1993,  Glenn Bennett joined adidas AG and began working as the Head of Worldwide
Footwear Development.  He was promoted to Senior Vice President of Footwear Operations
 few months later.  In 1997,  Glenn Bennett was appointed to the Executive Board where he
assumed responsibility for all Footwear,  Apparel and Accessories & Gear Operations activities
shortly thereafter.  Glenn Bennett lives in Boston / Massachusetts,  USA. 
1st position from left 
Erich Stamminger
was born in Rosenberg,  Germany,  in 1957.  After obtaining a degree in business studies,  he
started his career at GfK,  a German consumer research institute.  In 1983,  Erich Stamminger
joined adidas Germany.  He served in numerous marketing positions before becoming Managing
Director for Germany and later Europe and Asia/Pacific.  In 1997,  he was appointed to the
Executive Board and became Head of Global Marketing in 2000.  Four years later,  he was named
President and CEO of adidas North America,  while maintaining his position as Head of Global
Marketing.  In 2006,  he was named President and CEO of the adidas brand.  Erich Stamminger is
married and lives in Nuremberg. 
4th position from left 
1) adidas-Salomon AG from December 19,  1997 to May 29,  2006. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

019

Supervisory Board Report
Dear Shareholders,  2008 was another very important year
for the adidas Group.  Major sports events such as the
European Football Championship and the Olympic Games
again drove the adidas brand to excellent levels of
performance.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf was again able to
increase its revenues in a difficult golf market.  At Reebokkey measures were initiated to revitalise the brand.  But
2008 was also a year of major challenges,  particularly
in light of the global economic and financial crisis.  The
adidas Group delivered very good results in this difficult
environment,  confirming the successful implementation
of the Group's strategic plan. 

020

To Our Shareholders 
Supervisory Board Report 
Dr.  Hans Friderichs
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Supervision and advice in dialogue with the Executive Board
In 2008,  we,  as the Supervisory Board,  carefully and regularly monitored the
Group's management and supported the Executive Board in matters relating to the
strategic development of the Group as well as major individual initiatives. 
In this respect,  the Executive Board informed us regularly,  extensively and in a
timely manner at Supervisory Board meetings as well as by additional oral and
written reports.  This information covered the Group's business policy as well as
all relevant aspects of business planning,  including finance,  investment and
personnel planning.  We were also kept up-to-date on the course of business,  the
operational position of adidas AG and the Group (including the risk situation and
risk management),  the Group's financial position and profitability,  as well as all
major decisions and business transactions.  We were involved in all of the Group's
fundamental decisions at an early stage,  granting our approval insofar as was
necessary and,  in our opinion,  in the best interest of the Group after detailed consultation and examination.  Our Supervisory Board members again had no conflicts
of interest in 2008. 
We held five Supervisory Board meetings in 2008.  Furthermore,  we passed additional resolutions on urgent matters between our meetings.  All Supervisory
Board members attended more than half of the Supervisory Board meetings.  The
external auditor,  KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (formerly: KPMG
Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft),  Frankfurt am Main (KPMG),  attended four of our five meetings.  In additionDr.  Friderichs,  Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  also maintained regular contact with the Executive Board,  in particular with the Executive Board Chairmanbetween the Supervisory Board meetings,  discussing strategy and keeping himself
informed on the course of business and important events. 

Main topics covered and examined by the Supervisory Board
The development of sales and earnings as well as the financial position of the Group
and the development of the individual brand segments were presented to us in
detail by the Executive Board and subsequently discussed jointly at each of our
meetings.  Other Supervisory Board agenda items included numerous individual
topics,  which we discussed in depth with the Executive Board.  These discussions
did not give rise to any doubt as to the legality or compliance of the Executive
Board's management in carrying out its duties. 
In our meeting held in the form of a conference call on January 29,  2008,  we
discussed and resolved upon the implementation of a share buyback programme
based upon the authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting on May 102007,  to repurchase adidas AG shares totalling up to 5% of the company's stock
capital. 
The main topic on the agenda of the March 4,  2008 financial statements meeting
was the review of the consolidated financial statements and the adidas AG annual
financial statements as well as the respective Management Reports for the year
ending on December 31,  2007,  as certified by KPMG.  The Supervisory Board also
reviewed the Executive Board's proposal regarding the appropriation of retained
earnings.  Following initial Audit Committee examination and consultation,  we discussed material aspects of these financial statements with the Executive Board
and KPMG.  Both provided us with detailed responses to all of our questions. 
After having carefully considered adidas AG's financial position and the expectations of shareholders and the capital market,  we approved the proposal put
forward by the Executive Board regarding the appropriation of retained earnings. 
Additionally,  we discussed the proposed resolutions to be put to the 2008 Annual
General Meeting.  Following the recommendation of the Audit Committee,  we
resolved to propose to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG be appointed
as auditor of the 2008 consolidated financial statements and the adidas AG
annual financial statements and,  if applicable,  to examine the interim financial
statements.  We also approved all other resolutions which would later be put to
the Annual General Meeting.  Lastly,  the Executive Board reported to us at this
meeting on the business development of the Group with regard to the ongoing
revitalisation process in the Reebok segment and the current status of the share
buyback programme that we had approved in January.  We also kept ourselves
informed on key aspects of personnel development and training as well as the
adidas Group's performance-oriented compensation concept. 
adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

021

The main focus of our May 7,  2008 meeting was the first quarter 2008 financial
results as presented by the Executive Board.  We also discussed the business
development of the Reebok segment as well as the initiatives planned to improve
market penetration.  Additionally,  we dealt in detail with the results of the efficiency
examination regarding the work of the Supervisory Board conducted in the period
December 2007 to February 2008.  At this meeting,  we also amended our Rules
of Procedure with regard to the formation and tasks of a Nomination Committee
and appointed the members of this committee. 
At our August 4,  2008 Supervisory Board meeting,  discussions focused on the
report for the first half year and the anticipated development of business for the
remainder of 2008.  We also reviewed the audit points and priorities agreed between
the Audit Committee and KPMG for the audit of the consolidated financial statements and the adidas AG annual financial statements for 2008.  In addition,  we
discussed possible measures to expand the Group's brand portfolio and established
the 'Strategic Equity Investment Committee" ad hoc.  A further agenda item of
this meeting was the expansion of the tasks of the Audit Committee in connection
with the anticipated introduction of the German Accounting Law Modernisation Act
(Bilanzrechtsmodernisierungsgesetz BilMoG) and the provisions of the German
Corporate Governance Code.  We approved the corresponding amendments to
the Rules of Procedure for the Supervisory Board and resolved upon the Rules
of Procedure for the Audit Committee. 

022

To Our Shareholders 
Supervisory Board Report 
At our Supervisory Board meeting held on November 5,  2008,  discussions centred
on the report for the first nine months of the year presented by the Executive Board
and the outlook for the remainder of 2008.  We also reviewed an internal corporate
restructuring measure in the context of the Reebok integration and discussed
in depth the budget and investment plan for the adidas Group,  considering various
scenarios for 2009.  We indicated our agreement in principle with the budget and
investment plan.  As some clarification was still required with respect to several
issues raised at our meeting,  we delegated powers of final budget authorisation to
the Steering Committee,  as explained in the following report from the committees. 
Additionally,  we dealt with the new provisions and stipulations of the German
Corporate Governance Code and decided that in future the Supervisory Board as
 whole will examine and resolve upon the Executive Board compensation systemincluding all integral contractual elements,  prepared by the General Committee. 
Resolutions of fundamental importance passed outside of our regular meetings
related to the presentation of an updated Declaration of Compliance with regard to
the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code on February 112008,  as well as the cancellation of shares,  thus reducing the stock capital,  in connection with the share buyback programme resolved upon in January 2008. 

Report from the committees
In order to perform our tasks in an efficient manner,  we have five Supervisory
Board standing committees.  We also established the project-related 'Strategic
see Supervisory Board,  p.  025.  The standing
Equity Investment Committee" ad hoc
committees prepare specific topics and resolutions to be dealt with by the Supervisory Board as a whole.  In individual cases,  we have delegated decision-making
powers to these committees.  At our Supervisory Board meetings,  the chairmen
of the committees always reported to us in detail on the committees' work and
meetings,  ensuring complete exchange of information and good cooperation
between the committees and the Supervisory Board as a whole. 
The committees' work in the year under review is summarised as follows:
The Steering Committee,  which is authorised to pass resolutions on behalf
of the Supervisory Board in particularly urgent cases,  met twice in the year under
review.  In October 2008,  the Steering Committee approved the acquisition of
Ashworth,  Inc.  This makes TaylorMade-adidas Golf the world's leading golf apparel
company.  In November 2008,  after discussing in detail the potential impact of the
global economic and financial crisis on the 2009 budget,  the Steering Committee
granted its final authorisation of the budget and investment plan for 2009. 
The General Committee met three times in 2008.  The main topics were the
system and level of Executive Board compensation as well as the preparation of
new structures for Executive Board employment contracts. 
The Audit Committee met five times in 2008.  The auditor and the Chief
Financial Officer were always in attendance.  Committee members examined in
detail the consolidated financial statements and the adidas AG annual financial
statements for 2007,  the auditor's reports as well as the first half year report
and quarterly financial reports for 2008.  The auditor reported to the committee
members in detail on its auditing activities and results.  Furthermore,  the Audit
Committee prepared the Supervisory Board proposal for the Annual General
Meeting recommending the appointment of the auditor for 2008 and obtained the
auditor's declaration of independence.  Together with the auditor,  the Audit
Committee also established the priority topics for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements and the adidas AG annual financial statements for 2008 and
resolved upon the audit assignment including the auditor's fee.  In addition,  the 
Audit Committee prepared the decisions of the Supervisory Board relating to
corporate governance topics,  in particular the Supervisory Board's decision concerning the declaration on the German Corporate Governance Code pursuant to
§ 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz AktG).  Together with
the Chief Financial Officer,  the Audit Committee discussed in detail the budget and
investment planning for 2009,  taking into account the economic and financial crisis. 
Furthermore,  the committee dealt intensively with the structures of compliance
management as well as the internal control and risk management systems and the
effectiveness of these systems.  The Audit Committee also reviewed the Internal
Audit report on its auditing activities within the Group and the methodology in 2008
as well as plans for 2009.  The Audit Committee Chairman always reported to the
Supervisory Board on the results of all its committee meetings at the subsequent
meeting of the entire Supervisory Board. 
The Nomination Committee established in May 2008 met for the first time in
November.  In addition to organisational aspects of its future work,  the committee
discussed the current composition of the Supervisory Board and defined requirements for the future composition of the shareholders' representatives with regard
to the required competencies and qualifications.  At the beginning of 2009,  the
committee prepared the proposals for the election of the shareholders' representatives to be made to the Annual General Meeting of adidas AG on May 7,  2009. 
The Mediation Committee again had no reason to meet in 2008. 
In August 2008,  the Strategic Equity Investment Committee established
ad hoc granted its approval to the acquisition of Textronics,  Inc.  with a view to the
further development of the Group's product offering. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

023

Declaration of Compliance and effective corporate governance
The subject of corporate governance is very important to the Supervisory Board. 
We discussed the implementation of the changes in the German Corporate
Governance Code,  as amended on June 6,  2008,  with the Executive Board,  both
at Supervisory Board and at Audit Committee meetings.  The Supervisory Board
also resolved upon the updated Rules of Procedure for the Supervisory Board
and the Rules of Procedure for the Audit Committee.  Furthermore,  we decided
to comment not only on the recommendations of the German Corporate
Governance Code but,  on a voluntary basis,  also on the suggestions.  We report
on corporate governance at adidas together with the Executive Board in the
see Corporate Governance Report,  p.  026.  On February 11,  2009,  together with the Executive Board,  we issued an updated Declaration of Compliance with the German
Corporate Governance Code in accordance with § 161 AktG.  This declaration
was made permanently available on the same day on the corporate website at
www, adidas-Group, com/corporategovernance. 

included in particular the regularity of the adidas AG annual financial statements
as incorporated in the consolidated financial statements,  impairment tests for
goodwill and intangible assets as well as the completeness of financial instrument
information in accordance with IFRS 7 as presented in the Notes to the Group's
financial statements.  The auditor was available for questions and the provision
of supplementary information.  Having examined the consolidated financial statements and the adidas AG annual financial statements as well as the Management
Reports,  we came to the conclusion that there were no objections to be raised. 
Following the recommendation of the Audit Committee,  we therefore approved the
audit results and adopted the financial statements prepared by the Executive
Board at our financial statements meeting.  The annual financial statements of
adidas AG were thus adopted.  We discussed the dividend policy with the Executive
Board and,  in light of the financial position of adidas AG as well as shareholder
and capital market expectations,  we approved the proposal regarding the appropriation of retained earnings. 

Detailed examination and discussion of the 2008 consolidated financial
statements and the adidas AG annual financial statements 
Expression of thanks
At the conclusion of our five-year term in office,  which expires at the end of the
Annual General Meeting on May 7,  2009,  we would like to express our appreciation
of the tremendous personal dedication,  the performance and the ongoing commitment of the Executive Board,  the managements of Group companies,  the Works
Council and all adidas Group employees. 

KPMG audited the consolidated financial statements and the Group Management
Report prepared in accordance with § 315 a German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch HGB) in compliance with IFRS and issued an unqualified opinion
thereon.  The auditor also approved without qualification the 2008 annual financial
statements and the Management Report of adidas AG prepared in accordance with
HGB requirements. 
The financial statements,  the proposal put forward by the Executive Board regarding
the appropriation of retained earnings and the auditor's reports were submitted to
the Audit Committee and the Supervisory Board in a timely manner.  They were
examined first by the Audit Committee on February 27,  2009.  At our meeting on
March 3,  2009,  the adidas AG annual financial statements were then examined
by the Supervisory Board as a whole and discussed in the presence of the auditor. 
The auditor reported the material results of the financial statements audit with
focus on the 2008 priority topics as agreed with the Audit Committee.  These 
024

To Our Shareholders 
Supervisory Board Report — Supervisory Board 
For the Supervisory Board 
Dr.  Hans Friderichs
Chairman 
March 2009

Supervisory Board 
Dr.  Hans Friderichs
Chairman
Former Federal Minister,  MainzGermany
Chairman of the Supervisory
Board,  allit AG Kunststofftechnik,  Bad KreuznachGermany 
Fritz Kammerer 1)
Deputy Chairman
Chairman of the Central Works
Council,  adidas AG

Igor Landau
Deputy Chairman
Former Chief Executive Officer
of Aventis S.  A.,  Paris,  France
Member of the Supervisory
Board,  Allianz SE,  MunichGermany
Member of the Board of
Directors,  Sanofi-Aventis S.  A. Paris,  France
Member of the Board of
Directors,  HSBC France S.  A. Paris,  France 
Sabine Bauer 1)
Senior Manager Quality Analysis &
Reporting,  Global Operationsadidas AG

Dr.  iur.  Manfred Gentz
Chairman of the Administrative
Board,  Zurich Financial Services
S.  A.,  Zurich,  Switzerland
Chairman2) of the Supervisory
Board,  Deutsche Börse AGFrankfurt am Main,  Germany
Member of the Supervisory
Board,  DWS Investment GmbHFrankfurt am Main,  Germany
Chairman of the Administrative Board,  Zurich Financial
Services S.  A.,  Zurich,  Switzerland 
Dr.  Stefan Jentzsch
Member of the Executive BoardDresdner Bank AG,  Frankfurt
am Main,  Germany3)
Member of the Supervisory
Board,  Premiere AGUnterföhring,  Germany 
Roland Nosko 1)
Trade Union Official,  IG BCE Trade
Union,  Headquarter NurembergNuremberg,  Germany
Member of the Supervisory
Board,  CeramTec AGPlochingen,  Germany 
Hans Ruprecht 1)
Sales Director Customer ServiceArea Central West,  adidas AG

Willi Schwerdtle
General Manager,  Procter &
Gamble GmbH,  Schwalbach
am Taunus,  Germany 
Heidi Thaler-Veh 1)
Member of the Central Works
Council,  adidas AG

Christian Tourres
Former Member of the Executive
Board of adidas AG
Member of the Board of
Directors,  Beleta Worldwide
Ltd.,  Guernsey,  Channel
Islands 
Klaus Weiß 1)
Trade Union Official,  IG BCE Trade
Union,  Headquarter HanoverHanover,  Germany
Member of the Supervisory
Board,  Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH Glückauf,  LünenGermany 
Standing Committees
Steering Committee Dr.  Hans Friderichs (Chairman),  Fritz Kammerer,  Igor Landau
General Committee Dr.  Hans Friderichs (Chairman),  Fritz Kammerer,  Igor Landau,  Klaus Weiß
Audit Committee Dr.  iur.  Manfred Gentz (Chairman),  Dr.  Hans Friderichs,  Hans Ruprecht,  Klaus Weiß
Mediation Committee Dr.  Hans Friderichs,  Fritz Kammerer,  Igor Landau,  Roland Nosko
Nomination Committee Dr.  Hans Friderichs (Chairman),  Igor Landau,  Christian Tourres 
Other Committees
'Strategic Equity Investment Committee" Dr.  Hans Friderichs (Chairman),  Igor Landau,  Sabine BauerRoland Nosko 
1) Employee representative. 
2) As of December 9,  2008; formerly Member of the Supervisory Board. 
3) Until January 12,  2009,  thereafter General Manager SB Asset Management GmbH,  Kronberg,  Germany. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

025

Corporate Governance Report
Our actions have always been determined by the principles of responsible management and company control.  Good and transparent corporate
governance provides for responsible,  value-oriented performance and
supervisory functions of the company.  It is an important condition in
order to maintain and strengthen the confidence placed in adidas AG by
our shareholders,  financial markets,  business partners,  employees as
well as the public.  Key parameters of our corporate governance activities
in 2008 were the further development of the good relationship with our
shareholders,  efficient cooperation between the Executive Board and
the Supervisory Board as well as the responsible handling of risks and
opportunities and statutory and Group-internal regulations.  We consider
corporate governance as a continuing process and will also continue to
follow future developments attentively. 
Dual board system
In accordance with statutory provisions,  adidas AG has a dual board system,  which assigns
management functions to the Executive Board and supervisory functions to the Supervisory Board.  These two boards are strictly separated in terms of membership as well as
competencies. 
Management by the Executive Board
Our Executive Board consists of four members
see Executive Board,  p.  018.  It is responsible for
managing the company,  developing the Group's strategic orientation,  agreeing this with the
Supervisory Board and ensuring its implementation.  In doing so,  it is bound to the company's
interests and obliged to achieve a sustainable increase in company value.  Its Rules of Procedure
regulate the specified scope of work of the Board,  especially the responsibility of the Executive
Board members for particular business units,  the matters reserved to the Executive Board as
 whole and the modalities for resolutions.  The Rules of Procedure for the Executive Board can
www.  adidas-Group, com. 
be found on our corporate website at 
026

To Our Shareholders 
Corporate Governance Report 
Supervision and consulting by the Supervisory Board
In accordance with the German Co-Determination Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz MitbestG),  our
Supervisory Board consists of six shareholder representatives and six employee representatives
see Supervisory Board,  p.  025.  The Supervisory Board oversees and advises the Executive Board
in terms of management.  Fundamental business decisions require approval by the Supervisory
Board.  In very urgent cases,  the Supervisory Board can also pass a resolution by way of written
circular vote.  In addition,  it appoints the members of the Executive Board. 
The term of office of the current Supervisory Board expires with the end of the Annual General
Meeting on May 7,  2009,  which will resolve upon the ratification of the actions of the Supervisory Board for the financial year 2008.  Pursuant to MitbestG regulations,  the election of
the employee representatives will be held already in March 2009,  whereas the shareholder
representatives will be individually elected at the Annual General Meeting in 2009. 
Increased efficiency ensured by Supervisory Board committees
In order to perform its tasks in a most efficient manner,  our Supervisory Board has formed five
see Rules of Procedure for the Supervisory Board
www.  adidaspermanent expert committees
Group, com.  The chairmen of these committees report regularly to the entire Supervisory Board. 
— The Steering Committee,  which consists of the Supervisory Board Chairman and his two
deputies,  discusses major issues,  prepares resolutions and is authorised in particularly urgent
cases to pass resolutions on behalf of the Supervisory Board. 
— The co-determined General Committee,  with four members,  is responsible in particular
for the preparation of Supervisory Board resolutions regarding the appointment of Executive
Board members.  Since November 2008,  the Supervisory Board as a whole has been responsible
for resolving upon the Executive Board compensation system including all integral contractual
elements,  upon proposal by the General Committee,  as well as for its regular review. 
— The co-determined Audit Committee,  which also comprises four members,  deals primarily
with accounting,  risk management and compliance issues.  It discusses the efficiency of the
internal control system as well as the risk management system and is regularly informed on
the work undertaken by Internal Audit.  In addition,  it assesses and supervises the auditor's
independence and determines audit priorities.  The Audit Committee examines the consolidated
financial statements and the adidas AG financial statements including the Management Reports. 
It also prepares the respective Supervisory Board resolutions as well as the agreement with the
auditor.  Furthermore,  it deals with the quarterly and half-year financial reports.  The exact tasks
of the Audit Committee are regulated by the Rules of Procedure,  which were resolved upon by
the entire Supervisory Board in the year under review. 

— The co-determined four-member Mediation Committee,  formed in accordance with § 27
section 3 MitbestG,  is responsible for submitting a proposal to the Supervisory Board regarding
the appointment or dismissal of Executive Board members if the two-thirds Supervisory Board
majority required for an appointment or dismissal is not achieved in the preceding resolution. 
— The Nomination Committee,  newly formed in 2008,  comprises three members.  It is the only
Supervisory Board committee consisting exclusively of shareholder representatives.  It submits
recommendations to the Supervisory Board for the proposal of suitable candidates to the Annual
General Meeting.  When drawing up proposals for the election to the Supervisory Board,  care is
taken to ensure that candidates,  chosen on an international level,  have the required knowledgeabilities and professional experience. 
In addition,  the co-determined "Strategic Equity Investment Committee" with four members
was established ad hoc in 2008 in connection with the examination of two company acquisitions
see Supervisory Board Report,  p.  020. 
The activities of the Supervisory Board and its committees in 2008 are described in detail in the
Supervisory Board Report
see Supervisory Board Report,  p.  020.  For an overview of the Supervisory Board and committee members
see Supervisory Board,  p.  025. 
Responsible cooperation between Executive Board and Supervisory Board
Our Executive Board and Supervisory Board exercise good corporate governance through
responsible and transparent management and control of the Group and the shared goal to
enhance company value.  The Executive Board informs the Supervisory Board frequently,  expeditiously and comprehensively on the Group's strategy,  planning,  business development and risk
management as well as fundamental compliance issues.  The Chairmen of our Executive Board
and Supervisory Board also maintain frequent contact between meetings.  For certain business
transactions and measures,  the Executive Board must obtain the Supervisory Board's prior
consent.  This includes,  for example,  entering or exiting major fields of activity and acquiring or divesting substantial corporate holdings.  Furthermore,  the Executive Board must obtain
the Supervisory Board's approval for the budget including the annual capital expenditure and
financial plan. 

Compliance in the adidas Group
For us,  compliance stands for the conformity of our actions with statutory provisions and regulations as well as ethical and moral principles to which our company is subject or to which we
have committed ourselves voluntarily.  With the Code of Conduct and our Global Policy Manualwe have established guidelines in order to support us in achieving this goal.  They are regularly
reviewed and enhanced and contain in particular regulations for law-compliant dealings with
business partners and third parties in order to avoid conflicts of interest,  regulations relating to
the handling of data and information as well as regulations regarding environmental protection
and safety.  In this context,  Internal Audit examines the internal controls of the Group's subsidiaries in accordance with a schedule agreed upon with the Executive Board.  The Supervisory
Board is informed regularly on the activities of Internal Audit.  Furthermore,  the insider committee,  which consists of representatives of various business units,  reviews particular issues with
regard to ad hoc relevance and hence enables lawful handling of insider information within the
company.  All persons who work for the company and who have access to insider information as a
result of their function are added to an insider list after having been instructed on their obligations deriving from insider law.  In addition,  our Code of Conduct regulates the handling of complaints and notifications regarding possible compliance infringements,  which can be reported via
 whistleblower hotline as well as to the local Compliance Officer. 
Transparency creates trust
It is our goal to provide all institutional investors,  private shareholders,  financial analystsemployees and the interested public with the same information at the same time,  in both English
and German,  by regular,  open and up-to-date communication,  and to thus create the greatest
possible transparency.  As an always up-to-date publication platform,  we primarily use our
website
www.  adidas-Group, com for this purpose.  There we publish all press releases and ad hoc
announcements,  financial reports,  information on our analyst conferences and press conferences on financial results,  our Annual General Meeting and our financial calendar.  Throughout
Europe,  we publish,  inter alia,  notifications on Directors' Dealings,  on changes in the percentage
of voting rights as well as all corporate information subject to disclosure requirements.  Through
our Investor Relations activities,  we are also in close contact with our shareholders
see Our
Share,  p.  038. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

027

Annual General Meeting and services for shareholders
The Annual General Meeting is a platform for dialogue between our shareholders and the
Executive Board and Supervisory Board.  It is also the forum for shareholders to exercise their
voting rights.  All shareholders are informed quickly,  comprehensively and effectively,  prior to
and during the Annual General Meeting.  On our website
www.  adidas-Group, com we publish all
documents and information on the Annual General Meeting,  such as the current Annual Report
and the Agenda.  We facilitate the exercise of voting rights for our shareholders by enabling them
to authorise a proxy of their choice or a proxy appointed by the company.  The proxy is bound to
the shareholders' instructions,  which can be given prior to or during the Annual General Meeting until the end of the general debate also via electronic media (87% of the stock capital voted
via the Internet in 2008).  Proxy solicitation carried out prior to the Annual General Meeting and
our Internet service have led to yet another considerable increase in the attendance rate.  In
2008,  53% of the capital with voting rights was present at the Annual General Meeting.  This is an
increase of 9 percentage points compared to the previous year. 
All shareholders can follow the Annual General Meeting live and in full length online,  as included
in the suggestion of the German Corporate Governance Code.  In addition,  we are available for
answering questions of our shareholders by phone or electronically.  At our next Annual General
Meeting,  taking place on May 7,  2009 in Fuerth (Bavaria),  we will again provide our shareholders
with the best possible service. 
Directors' Dealings in 2008
Pursuant to § 15a of the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz WpHG)
Executive Board and Supervisory Board members,  other key executives as well as persons in
close relationship with them are obliged to disclose the purchase or sale of adidas AG shares or
related financial instruments (Directors' Dealings) if the value of the transactions in the financial
year reaches or exceeds € 5000.  In 2008,  we received six Directors' Dealings notifications relating to adidas AG shares (ISIN DE0005003404),  which were published at
www.  adidas-Group, com /
directorsdealings. 

Directors' Dealings in 2008

Frankfurt am MainDate 
March 7
May 8
August 25
November 10
November 13
December 23

028

Name 
Position 
Type of
transaction 
Number
of shares 
Price
in €

Transaction
volume in €

Herbert Hainer
Christian Tourres
Fritz Kammerer
Robin J.  Stalker
Herbert Hainer
Fritz Kammerer 
Executive Board
Supervisory Board
Supervisory Board
Executive Board
Executive Board
Supervisory Board 
Purchase
Sale
Purchase
Purchase
Purchase
Purchase 
2500
100000
256
3600
4000
190

4000
4408611
3897
2843
2492
2618

10000000
440861100
997632
10234800
9968000
497420

To Our Shareholders 
Corporate Governance Report 
Share ownership of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board
All members of our Executive Board and Supervisory Board have decided to disclose their direct
and indirect ownership of shares in adidas AG for the first time.  Hence,  we comply with a further
recommendation of the German Corporate Governance Code. 
At the end of the financial year 2008,  the entire number of shares held by the members of the
Executive Board of adidas AG amounted to less then 1% of the shares issued by the company. 
At the same time,  the members of the Supervisory Board owned 238% of the shares issued by
the company. 
Accounting and annual audit
The annual consolidated financial statements and the interim financial reports of the adidas
Group are prepared by the Executive Board in accordance with the principles of the International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).  The statutory annual financial statements of adidas AG
relevant for the distribution of dividends are prepared in accordance with the provisions of the
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch HGB).  The annual accounts are audited and
adopted by the Supervisory Board. 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (formerly: KPMG Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft
Aktiengesellschaft Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft),  Frankfurt am Main,  was appointed as
auditor for the consolidated financial statements and the adidas AG annual financial statements
for 2008 by the Annual General Meeting after the Supervisory Board had confirmed the independence of the auditor. 

Recommendations and suggestions of the German Corporate Governance Code
fulfilled to a large extent
In the year under review,  the Executive Board and Supervisory Board were informed regularly by
our Corporate Governance Officer on the latest corporate governance developments and devoted
particular attention to fulfilling the provisions of the German Corporate Governance Code (Code)especially the latest provisions of June 6,  2008.  As a result of these consultations,  the Executive
Board and Supervisory Board issued an updated Declaration of Compliance on February 11,  2009pursuant to § 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz AktG).  The exact wording
www. 
together with all past Declarations of Compliance can be found at and downloaded from
adidas-Group, com /corporategovernance. 
Until August 8,  2008,  the Declaration refers to the Code as amended on June 14,  2007 and subsequently to the Code as currently applicable.  All recommendations of the Code have been and are
fulfilled to a large extent.  We deviate from the recommendations with regard to a few points only:
— Section 38 of the Code recommends including an appropriate deductible in the directors'
and officers' (D&O) liability insurance concluded by the company for the Executive Board and
Supervisory Board.  The D&O liability insurance policy for our Executive Board and Supervisory
Board members does not provide for a deductible as this is not common practice outside of
Germany.  In addition,  it is a group insurance for a large number of executives in Germany and
abroad for which a differentiation between Executive Board and Supervisory Board members
and other executives does not seem appropriate. 

— Section 541 of the Code recommends setting an age limit for Supervisory Board members. 
We do not set an age limit for Supervisory Board members as this is,  in our opinion,  an unnecessary limitation of the rights of our shareholders and employees when electing their representatives to the Supervisory Board. 
— Section 546 of the Code recommends that Supervisory Board members receive performanceoriented compensation in addition to their fixed compensation.  The members of our Supervisory
Board do not receive any performance-oriented compensation in order to allow for the independent supervisory functions of the Supervisory Board. 
Our Executive Board and Supervisory Board have decided to comment not only on the deviations
from the recommendations of the Code but,  in addition,  also on the non-binding suggestions. 
At present,  adidas AG complies with the suggestions of the Code with one exception: Pursuant
to section 36 of the Code,  Supervisory Board meetings should be prepared separately by the
Supervisory Board members representing the shareholders and by those representing the
employees.  The members of our Supervisory Board do not meet for such preparation meetings
as standard practice but only if required. 
More information on corporate governance
All adidas AG corporate governance documents are available on our website at
Group, com /corporategovernance. 

www.  adidas
— Section 423 of the Code recommends that a severance payment cap for the premature
termination of the contract without serious cause be agreed when concluding employment
contracts with the Executive Board.  The contracts that are currently to be newly concluded do
not provide for a formal severance payment cap due to the three-year term of the contract.  We
believe that the contract term agreed already offers sufficient protection from inappropriate
severance payments. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

029

Compensation Report 1)
In our Compensation Report,  we summarise the principles relevant for
determining the compensation of our Executive Board and outline the
structure and level of Executive Board and Supervisory Board compensation.  Furthermore,  this report contains information on benefits which
the members of our Executive Board will receive if they resign from office
or retire. 

Executive Board compensation
The structure of the compensation system of our Executive Board as well as the respective
amount of the Executive Board compensation was deliberated upon and set by the co-determined
General Committee of the Supervisory Board.  Since November 2008,  it has been the entire
Supervisory Board's responsibility to resolve upon and regularly review the Executive Board's
compensation system including all integral contractual elements as proposed by the General
Committee
see Supervisory Board Report,  p.  020. 
Performance-oriented Executive Board compensation
The performance-oriented compensation of our Executive Board,  which includes fixed and
variable elements,  consists of the following components:
— non-performance-related compensation component— performance-related compensation component— compensation component with long-term incentive effect. 
The individual components are structured as follows:
— The non-performance-related compensation component (fixed salary) includes a fixed
annual salary,  which is paid in twelve monthly instalments,  as well as benefits such as the
private use of a company car,  the payment of insurance premiums and,  in exceptional casesan adjustment amount paid to equalise tax treatment of personal income between the USA
and Germany. 

1) This Compensation Report is an integral component of the audited Group Management Report and Notes and
is also part of the Corporate Governance Report. 

030

To Our Shareholders 
Compensation Report 
— The performance-related compensation component is paid as a variable Performance
Bonus.  Its amount is linked to the fixed annual salary and is determined by the individual
performance of the respective Executive Board member as well as by the Group's success in
view of the financial results based on the development of profits considering the budget.  The
Performance Bonus is payable at the end of each financial year upon determination of target
achievement. 
— As a compensation component with a long-term incentive effect containing risk elementsour Executive Board members receive compensation from the Long-Term Incentive Plan
2006 /2008 (LTIP Bonus).  Payment of the LTIP Bonus will be effected following the approval of the
consolidated financial statements for the period ending on December 31,  2008.  Calculation of the
payment amount is based on the cumulative increase in income before taxes (IBT) in the threeyear period from 2006 to 2008,  measured against the IBT result for the financial year 2005.  If the
cumulative increase achieved in the three-year period is below a defined target corridor,  no LTIP
Bonus payment is due.  If the earnings increase is within the target corridor,  the plan provides for
payment of between 90% and a maximum of 150% of the basis amount defined individually for
each Executive Board member.  Hence,  there is a cap on the maximum amount of the LTIP Bonus. 
Additionally,  payments between 135% and 150% of the basis amount are dependent on the
achievement of a defined percentage increase in IBT in the financial year 2008 compared to 2007. 
It is intended to introduce a new version of the Long-Term Incentive Plan in 2009,  containing
essentially comparable components. 
 share-based compensation component from a management share option plan does not exist
since the members of our Executive Board exercised all option rights resulting from the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) in the financial year 2007.  A new share option plan was neither
resolved upon by the Annual General Meeting in 2008 nor is such a resolution planned for the
Annual General Meeting in May 2009. 

Executive Board total compensation in 2008
€ in thousands 
Non-performance-related
compensation components 
Performancerelated
compensation
component 
Compensation
component
with long-term
incentive effect 
Fixed annual
salary 
Herbert Hainer
(CEO and Chairman)
Glenn Bennett 1)
Robin J.  Stalker
Erich Stamminger
Total 
Other
benefits 
Performance
Bonus 
1250
408
500
700
2858

26
13
11
106 2)
156

1680
612
680
1230
4202

Total 
LTIP Bonus
2006 /2008

480
240
240
240
1200

3436
1273
1431
2276
8416

1) In accordance with Glenn Bennett's contract,  the following compensation components were granted in US dollars:
fixed annual salary $ 600000,  other benefits $ 19000,  Performance Bonus $ 900000.  An exchange rate of 14702 $ /€
(annual average rate 2008) was used as the basis for calculation. 
2) Also contains a tax adjustment due to different tax rates in Germany and the USA. 

Executive Board total compensation in 2007
€ in thousands 
Non-performance-related
compensation components
Fixed annual
salary 
Other
benefits 
Performancerelated
compensation
component 
Compensation
component
with long-term
incentive effect 
Performance
Bonus 
Appropriate Executive Board compensation
The overall compensation paid to our Executive Board in the financial year 2008 amounted to
€ 8416 million (2007: € 10612 million).  The Supervisory Board considers the variable compensation components to be structured in such a way that they form a considerable incentive
to our Executive Board members and thus enduringly support value-oriented management.  All
compensation elements are appropriate both individually and in total.  Criteria for the appropriateness of compensation are the tasks and contribution of the respective Executive Board member to the Group's success,  his individual performance as well as that of the entire Executive
Board.  In addition,  the Group's size and global orientation as well as its economic situation and
prospects are taken into consideration. 
Pension commitments
There are individual contractual pension commitments for the members of our Executive Board. 
Upon reaching the age of 65,  the individual pension commitments provide for a retirement pension and,  in case of resignation from active office due to occupational incapacity or disabilitythey provide for a disability pension.  Furthermore,  a widow's pension is paid upon the death of a
former member of the Executive Board. 
— Retirement pension: The pension allowance of an Executive Board member is calculated as
 percentage of the pensionable income,  which currently equals the fixed annual salary.  Starting
from a base amount totalling 10% of the pensionable income,  the pension entitlement increases
by 2% for each full year of tenure as an Executive Board member of adidas AG 2) and can reach
 maximum level of 40% of pensionable income.  In the event of the retirement of an Executive
Board member prior to reaching the statutory retirement age,  the non-forfeiture of the pension entitlement will be in line with the legal provisions.  The dynamisation of current pension
payments is made in accordance with German law. 

LTIP Bonus
2006 /2008 1)

Total 
— Disability pension: The disability pension amounts to 100% of pension entitlements. 
Herbert Hainer
(CEO and Chairman)
Glenn Bennett 3)
Robin J.  Stalker
Erich Stamminger
Total 
1120
438
500
600
2658

23
238 4)
11
35
307

1680
657
680
1230
4247

1360
680
680
680
3400

4183 2)
2013
1871
2545
10612 2)

— Widow's pension: If an Executive Board member dies,  his surviving spouse receives an
annuity amounting to 50% of his pension entitlements. 

1) Payment of this bonus is made upon achievement of LTIP targets and after approval of the consolidated financial
statements for the period ending on December 31,  2008. 
2) Due to the adoption of DRS17,  the amounts do not include the amount of € 515000,  which equals the compensation
resulting from the exercise of share options within the scope of the MSOP. 
3) In accordance with Glenn Bennett's contract,  the following compensation components were granted in US dollars:
fixed annual salary $ 600000,  other benefits $ 326595,  Performance Bonus $ 900000.  An exchange rate of
13709 $ /€ (annual average rate 2007) was used as the basis for calculation. 
4) Also contains a tax adjustment due to different tax rates in Germany and the USA. 

2) Herbert Hainer and Erich Stamminger were both first appointed on April 1,  1997.  Robin J.  Stalker was first appointed on
January 1,  2001.  For Glenn Bennett,  instead of his first appointment date (April 1,  1997),  January 1,  2000,  is used for the
calculation of his pension entitlements.  His base amount totals 20% of the pension entitlement. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

031

Pension fund and pension trust fund cover pension entitlements
In 2008,  a total contribution of € 545219 was made for all active Executive Board members into
an external pension trust fund.  For future pension entitlements of our Executive Board members,  adidas AG has established pension reserves.  In the Consolidated Balance Sheet drawn up
in accordance with IFRS,  plan assets which have arisen from the payments into the pension fund
or pension trust fund are reported on a settled basis with assets offset against accruals. 

Payments to the pension trust fund
€ in thousands 
 post-contractual competition prohibition period of six months has been agreed upon with the
Executive Board member Glenn Bennett according to which adidas AG is obliged to pay compensation of 100% of the fixed annual salary. 
No loans granted to Executive Board members
As in the years before,  the members of the Executive Board did not receive any loans or advance
payments of future compensation components from adidas AG in 2008. 
Miscellaneous
Our Executive Board members do not receive any additional compensation for mandates held
within the adidas Group. 
In the event of claims raised against members of the Executive Board for indemnification of
losses incurred in connection with their managerial acts and omissions,  the adidas Group's
directors' and officers' group liability insurance covers the personal liability of the Executive
see Corporate Governance Report,  p.  026. 
Board members but does not provide for a deductible
Pension payments to former Executive Board members
In the financial year 2008,  pension payments to former Executive Board members amounted to
€ 1735 million (2007: € 1727 million).  Total pension provisions for pension entitlements of this
group of persons amount to € 36422 million (2007: € 37576 million). 

3) For Robin J.  Stalker the severance payment amounts to 50% of the fixed annual salary. 

032

To Our Shareholders 
Compensation Report 
Herbert Hainer (CEO and Chairman)
Glenn Bennett
Robin J.  Stalker
Erich Stamminger
Total 
2007

240
82
120
103
545

240
82
120
103
545

2008

Commitments to Executive Board members upon end of tenure
In the event of adidas AG deciding not to renew the employment contract although the Executive
Board member would be willing to continue his function as Executive Board member under the
existing conditions,  the respective Executive Board member receives an individually agreed severance payment in the amount of 100% 3) of the fixed annual salary.  Individual contracts providing
for severance payments in case of premature termination of their employment agreements have
not been concluded with the members of the Executive Board.  If an Executive Board member
dies during his term of office,  his spouse will receive a one-time payment amounting to 25% of
his fixed annual salary. 

2008

2007

173
52
126
77
428

215
68
161
96
540

Costs for accrued pension entitlements of Executive Board members 1)
€ in thousands 
Herbert Hainer (CEO and Chairman)
Glenn Bennett
Robin J.  Stalker
Erich Stamminger
Total
1) This also includes service costs which have arisen with regard to the provisions for pension
obligations in the Consolidated Income Statement according to IFRS. 

Supervisory Board compensation 
Supervisory Board members' compensation
in €

Compensation redefined as of 2008
Effective as of the financial year 2008,  there has been a change in structure of the Supervisory
Board compensation.  The compensation is now linked to the size of the Group and to the more
intense supervisory tasks.  Furthermore,  the members of the Supervisory Board now receive
additional compensation for membership in particular committees and for the chairmanship of
these committees.  Due to these changes,  the total compensation of the Supervisory Board rose
to € 860000 in 2008 (2007: € 294000). 
The compensation of the Supervisory Board members consists of a fixed annual payment
amounting to € 40000 for each member.  Three times this amount is paid to the Chairman
and twice this amount is paid to each Deputy Chairman.  Furthermore,  members of particular
Supervisory Board committees (e.g.  General Committee and Audit Committee) receive additional compensation.  The chairman of a committee receives an additional annual allowance of
€ 40000,  while the Chairman of the Audit Committee receives an allowance of € 60000.  Every
other committee member receives an allowance of € 20000 (€ 40000 for members of the Audit
Committee).  The members of the Steering Committee,  the Mediation Committee,  the Nomination
Committee and committees which are established ad hoc do not receive additional compensation.  If a Supervisory Board member is in more than one committee,  the member receives only
compensation for his/her task in the committee with the highest compensation.  The Supervisory
Board members are reimbursed for all expenses incurred in connection with their mandates
as well as for the VAT payable on their compensation,  insofar as they can charge for it separately
and do so. 
No loans to Supervisory Board members
As in the years before,  the members of the Supervisory Board did not receive any loans or
advance payments from adidas AG in 2008. 

2008

Dr.  Hans Friderichs
(Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  Chairman of the General CommitteeMember of the Audit Committee)
Igor Landau
(Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  Member of the General Committee)
Fritz Kammerer
(Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  Member of the General Committee)
Sabine Bauer
Dr.  Manfred Gentz
(Chairman of the Audit Committee)
Dr.  Stefan Jentzsch
Roland Nosko
Hans Ruprecht
(Member of the Audit Committee)
Willi Schwerdtle
Heidi Thaler-Veh
Christian Tourres
Klaus Weiß
(Member of the General Committee,  Member of the Audit Committee)
Total 
2007

160000

33046

100000

22546

100000
40000

31500
21000

100000
40000
40000

21000
3092 1)
21000

80000
40000
40000
40000

21000
21000
21000
21000

80000
860000

21000
294000 2)

1) Member of the adidas AG Supervisory Board since November 7,  2007. 
2) Includes the compensation of Henri Filho who retired as member and Chairman
of the Supervisory Board on November 7,  2007. 

Miscellaneous
In the event of claims raised against members of the Supervisory Board for indemnification of
losses incurred in connection with their acts and omissions,  the adidas Group's directors' and
officers' group liability insurance covers the personal liability of the Supervisory Board members
but does not provide for a deductible. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

033

Operational and Sporting Highlights 2008

04

01

05

02

03

First quarter
1401.  Picture 01 adidas and AC Milan announce the extension of their sponsorship deal until the end
of 2017.  With the new agreement,  adidas and AC Milan continue their strong partnership that
started in 1998.  2701.  adidas sponsored athlete Novak Djokovic wins the Australian Open. 
3001.  Picture 02 adidas and Diesel present their landmark product collaboration 'adidas Originals
Denim by Diesel" marking the kick-off of their multi-year collaboration.  0302.  Picture 03 Reebok
sponsored New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning wins the Super Bowl Most Valuable Player
trophy,  just one year after his brother Peyton Manning.  0602.  adidas opens its first Y-3 flagship
store in New York.  1102.  adidas and numerous international football stars unveil the F50 TUNIT ™
in Barcelona,  Spain.  This unique boot is the third generation of the successful F50 concept. 
1502.  adidas sponsors the 2008 NBA All-Star Weekend in New Orleans. 

034

To Our Shareholders 
Operational and Sporting Highlights 2008

2102.  Celebrating fun,  ambitious,  real women from around the world,  Reebok launches the
Freestyle World Tour Collection.  0403.  Picture 04 TaylorMade-adidas Golf introduces the Tour Burner ®
driver.  0603.  Picture 05 adidas and Samsung launch miCoach,  a revolutionary training system which
collects athletes' personal data and turns it into individual training plans.  1803.  Reebok and Dick's
Sporting Goods announce a new apparel partnership via shop-in-shops throughout all Dick's stores
in the USA.  2503.  Reebok launches its global marketing campaign 'Your Move",  which aims to
evolve Reebok's positioning as the brand that celebrates individuality.  3003.  adidas has three of the
top four No.  1 seeded teams in the Final Four of the NCAA March Madness,  including the winning
team of the University of Kansas Jayhawks. 

08

07

06

09

Second quarter
0204.  adidas and the Ajax Amsterdam football club announce the extension of their sponsorship
deal until 2019.  1804.  adidas opens a Performance Centre and an Originals Store in Roppongi HillsTokyo.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf also opens a new store in the same building complex on the same
day.  1904.  Picture 06 TaylorMade-adidas Golf presents its new Tour Burner ® campaign featuring the
most important characteristics of its top metalwood.  2204.  adidas launches the football campaign
'Dream Big",  in which the world's biggest football stars meet the world's smallest football teams. 
2504.  Reebok launches its new website www, reebok, com.  1705.  Reebok sponsors the 25th 'Avon
Running" women's run in Berlin with over 13000 participants.  2005.  Picture 07 Reebok's running
shoe 'Premier SmoothFit ™ Cushion" is awarded the Plus X seal for innovation by the Plus X AwardEurope's biggest technology contest.  2805.  Reebok announces that three future NFL playersJoe Flacco,  Kenny Phillips and Dan Connor,  have signed multi-year endorsement agreements. 

2805.  adidas launches mi Originals,  a customisation tool that offers consumers the chance to
design their own individual lifestyle products.  0706.  The European Football Championship kicks off
in Basel,  Switzerland.  With Germany,  France,  Spain,  Romania and Greece,  adidas sponsors a total
of five teams at UEFA EURO 2008 ™.  0706.  adidas sponsored athlete Ana Ivanovic wins the French
Open.  1006.  Nearly 40 analysts and investors join the Group's CFO Robin J.  Stalker and Investor
Relations team for an Investor Field Trip to China.  Store and factory visits as well as extensive
presentations outline the Group's strategy in Asia.  1706.  Picture 08 The Boston Celtics with adidas
superstar Kevin Garnett win the NBA Finals.  2906.  Picture 09 With Spain and Germany,  adidas has
two teams competing head-to-head for the European Championship title.  Spain wins this threestriped Final. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

035

10

11

14

13

12

15

Third quarter
0107.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf equipment once again contributes prominently to victories at major
golf tournaments.  The winners of the Buick Open,  Commerce Bank Championship and the
US Women's Open all rely on TaylorMade-adidas Golf.  0107.  Picture 10 Reebok and driving ace
Lewis Hamilton announce a multi-year partnership and at the same time unveil Reebok's new
SmoothFit™ training and apparel range.  0507.  Picture 11 The world's biggest adidas store opens in
Beijing,  China,  taking the retail experience to a new level.  0608.  Picture 12 TaylorMade launches
www, myTPball, com,  a programme that gives golfers the opportunity to design and order their own
golf balls.  0808.  Picture 13 The Beijing 2008 Olympic Games begin.  As the Official Sportswear Partner
adidas celebrates its Olympic heritage and underlines its leading position in the fastest-growing
sportswear market in the world.  In total,  more than 3000 athletes compete in adidas products and
adidas provides products for 27 out of the 28 Olympic sports. 

036

To Our Shareholders 
Operational and Sporting Highlights 2008

1708.  adidas swimmer Britta Steffen wins her second Gold Medal and sets another Olympic record. 
2908.  Reebok Hockey announces its partnership with the National Hockey League (NHL) for the
2008 NHL Premiere Series in Europe and unveils its 2009 global hockey product line.  0309.  The
adidas Group annual report 'United by Sport" is awarded 'Best Annual Report 2008" by 'manager
magazin".  0409.  The new homepage www, adidas, com highlights different campaigns and products
and offers an individualisable appearance for every country.  0809.  adidas and the Russian Football
Union (RFU) announce a long-term partnership under which adidas supplies all RFU national teams. 
2009.  Picture 14 adidas Originals,  Y-3 and adidas by Stella McCartney present their spring / summer
'09 collections during the Fashion Week in Milan,  New York and London,  respectively.  2809.  Picture 15
adidas sponsors the 35th Berlin Marathon where Haile Gebrselassie again breaks his own world
record. 

16

17

19

20

18

21

Fourth quarter
1310.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf enters into a definitive agreement to acquire all of the outstanding
shares of Ashworth,  Inc.  and successfully completes the tender offer on November 18,  2008. 
2210.  Picture 16 adidas launches its global basketball campaign 'NBA Tested.  Brotherhood Ready". 
This campaign features NBA All-Stars such as Gilbert Arenas,  Dwight Howard,  Tracy McGradyTim Duncan and Kevin Garnett.  3110.  Picture 17 With new products,  initiatives and the support of
extreme climbers Alexander and Thomas Huber,  adidas kicks off the new outdoor season. 
0311.  Reebok unveils a giant portrait of Formula One Champion Lewis Hamilton by the iconic
London landmark of Tower Bridge to celebrate the sporting star's fantastic year.  1011.  Picture 18
TaylorMade-adidas Golf Tour Staff professional Sergio Garcia wins the HSBC Champions event in
Shanghai and moves up to number two in the Official World Golf Ranking.  1211.  adidas Running is
internationally recognised by the world's leading running magazine Runner's World,  winning two
awards at their year-end summit in New York. 

1911.  Picture 19 Reebok launches its first ever pop-up store 'Reebok Flash" in New York.  Around
3000 feet of gallery space create an incredible retail installation featuring selected Reebok products. 
2411.  adidas and the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) formally announce an
11-year partnership granting adidas the worldwide sponsorship rights for all IAAF World Athletics
Series events until 2019.  2511.  Picture 20 Celebrating the 60th anniversary of the iconic adidas brandadidas unveils '60 Years of Soles and Stripes",  its largest global brand campaign ever for adidas
Originals.  2811.  adidas and the New Zealand Rugby Union (NZRU) announce the extension of their
long-term sponsorship contract until 2019.  0812.  adidas and United Kingdom Athletics (UKA)
announce the extension of their partnership for the next five years.  1612.  Reebok announces a new
long-term partnership with the Russian football club CSKA Moscow.  2912.  Picture 21 adidas sponsored
David Beckham joins AC Milan for his loan spell with the Italian club. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

037

Our Share
In 2008,  the development of international
stock markets and the adidas AG share was
profoundly impacted by the crisis in the financial sector and the spillover effects on the
global economy.  Significant losses in the financial industry,  recessionary fears,  inflationary
pressure,  record oil prices and rapid currency
movements contributed to highly volatile financial markets during the year.  In tandem with the
negative trends on international stock marketsthe adidas AG share declined 47% in 2008. 
Given the strong 2008 operational performance
and Management's confidence in the strength
of the Group's financial position and long-term
strategy,  we intend to propose an unchanged
dividend per share at our 2009 Annual General
Meeting. 
adidas AG share price development mirrors weak
international stock markets
After having significantly outperformed the DAX-30 and the
MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury Goods Index in 2007the adidas AG share could not sustain this positive momentum and declined in tandem with international stock markets
in 2008.  The adidas AG share price decreased by 47% over the
course of the year.  Our share underperformed the DAX-30 as
well as the MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury Goods Index
which decreased 40% and 42%,  respectively.  All major international stock indices including the DAX-30 and the MSCI World
Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury Goods Index declined at the beginning of the year as several US banks incurred significant writeoffs related to the subprime crisis.  During the second quarterhigh inflation rates in Europe and a deteriorating macroeconomic outlook in the USA,  led by low consumer confidence
levels,  heightened recessionary concerns and kept international
stock markets subdued. 

038

To Our Shareholders 
Our Share 
In the third quarter,  record high oil prices of US $ 147 a barrelweakening business confidence indicators and increasing
government intervention in the financial sector resulted in a
sharp downturn across all global indices.  Whilst remaining
volatile and still suffering from uncertainty among investors
and analysts,  markets recovered slightly from November lowsas coordinated interest rate cuts and further governmental
stimulus packages provided some positive impetus. 
Solid operational performance unable to offset macro trends
After reaching an all-time high at the end of December 2007the adidas AG share price declined at the beginning of the
year.  Turbulence on international stock markets related to
the crisis in the financial sector and fears the USA might slip
into recession burdened our share price development.  The
initiation of adidas AG's share buyback programme as well as
the announcement of the Group's full year 2007 results were
positively received.  However,  concerns around the Reebok
business outlook and the state of the North American sporting goods markets negatively impacted the adidas AG share
price afterwards.  Strong first quarter financial results,  which
exceeded market expectations and included strong performances by the adidas and TaylorMade-adidas Golf segmentsled to a significant share price increase in May.  However,  the
adidas AG share price declined in line with strong decreases in
footwear,  luxury and retail sectors throughout the remainder
of the second and the beginning of the third quarter as investor
sentiment worsened in light of macroeconomic concerns. 
Our quarterly earnings release in early August was well
received by investors and analysts due to the increased full
year guidance for our gross and operating margins.  Howeverthe share price further declined in the subsequent monthsdue to the steep downward trend on international stock
markets.  At the beginning of November,  our nine months
results publication led to a slight share price increase.  Nevertheless,  the adidas AG share closed 2008 at € 2714,  declining
47% over the course of the year.  As a result of this development,  our market capitalisation decreased to € 53 billion at
the end of 2008 versus € 104 billion at the end of 2007. 

The adidas AG share 
Number of shares outstanding
2008 average 1)
At year-end 2008 2)
Type of share
Free float
Initial Public Offering
Share split
Stock exchange
Stock registration number (ISIN)
Stock symbol
Important indices 
197562346
193515512
No-par-value share
100%
November 17,  1995
June 6,  2006 (in a ratio of 1: 4)
All German stock exchanges
DE0005003404
ADS,  ADSG. DE
DAX-30
MSCI World TextilesApparel & Luxury Goods
Deutsche Börse Prime Consumer
Dow Jones STOXX
Dow Jones EURO STOXX
Dow Jones Sustainability
FTSE4Good Europe
Ethibel Index Excellence Global
Ethibel Index Excellence Europe
ASPI Eurozone Index 
1) After deduction of treasury shares. 
2) All shares carry full dividend rights. 

adidas AG market capitalisation at year-end
€ in millions
2004

5446

2005

8122

2006

7679

2007
2008

10438
5252

 year 
 years 
since IPO

(47)
(40)

(32)
(11)

20
21

212
118

(42)

adidas AG
DAX-30
MSCI World TextilesApparel & Luxury Goods 
 years 
(22)



55

adidas AG high and low share prices per month 1)

Jan.  2008

2794

4116

3807
3123

3804

4030
3436

3622

4648
3939

4390

4694
4001

4335
4005

35

4294

45

3823

4450

55

Dec.  2008

30-day moving average 
2251

2122

25
2301

ADR performs in line with common stock
Since its launch on December 30,  2004,  our Level 1 American
Depositary Receipt (ADR) facility has enjoyed great popularity
among American investors.  Roughly in line with the development of our common stock,  the Level 1 ADR closed the year
at US $ 1935,  representing a decrease of 48% versus the
prior year (2007: US $ 3720).  The number of Level 1 ADRs
outstanding decreased to 89 million at year-end 2008 (2007:
111 million).  However,  the average daily trading volume
increased 32% compared to the prior year.  Since November
2007,  the adidas AG ADR is quoted on the international OTCQX. 
This electronic trading forum includes leading international
companies with substantial operating businesses and credible
disclosure policies. 

and important indices at year-end 2008 in %

4114

adidas AG historically outperforms benchmark indices
The adidas Group is committed to continuously enhancing
shareholder value.  The long-term development of our share
price reflects investor confidence and the growth potential of
our Group.  Since our IPO in November 1995,  our share has
gained 212%.  This represents a clear outperformance of both
the DAX-30 and the MSCI Index,  which increased 118% and
55% respectively during the period. 

Historical performance of the adidas AG share 
5163

Strong sustainability track record reflected in
index memberships
In recognition of our social and environmental effortsadidas AG is part of several sustainability indices.  For the
ninth consecutive time,  adidas has been included in the
Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes (DJSI).  The index,  which
analyses and tracks the social,  environmental and financial
performance of more than 300 companies worldwide,  rated
adidas for the sixth time in a row as industry leader in sustainability issues and corporate responsibility in the category
'Clothing,  Accessories & Footwear".  In addition,  adidas
was named 'Super Sector Leader" 2008 /2009 in the sector
'Personal & Household Goods" and thus ranks among the
most sustainable companies worldwide. 

In addition,  adidas AG was again included in the FTSE4Good
Europe Index.  This positive reassessment acknowledges the
Group's social,  environmental and ethical engagement,  and
encourages us to continue and intensify our efforts to improve
our sustainability performance.  Also,  adidas AG was again
included in the Vigeo Group's Ethibel Excellence Sustainability
Indices (Europe and Global) as well as in the ASPI Eurozone
Index.  The Vigeo Group is a leading European supplier of extrafinancial analysis that measures companies' performance in
the fields of sustainable development and social responsibility. 
Further,  the adidas Group was included for the fourth
consecutive time in the list of The Global 100 Most Sustainable
Corporations in the World.  This is a project initiated by
Corporate Knights Inc.  with Innovest Strategic Value Advisors
Inc.,  a research firm specialised in analysing extra-financial
drivers of risk and shareholder value.  Launched in 2005,  the
annual list of The Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations in
the World is unveiled each year at the World Economic Forum
in Davos. 

3788

adidas AG share member of important indices
The adidas AG share is included in a variety of high-quality
indices around the world,  most importantly the DAX-30
and the MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury Goods Index. 
The DAX-30 is a blue chip stock market index consisting of
the 30 major German companies trading on the Frankfurt
Stock Exchange.  The MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury
Goods Index comprises our Group's major competitors.  At
December 31,  2008,  our weighting in the DAX-30,  which is
calculated on the basis of free float market capitalisation and
12-month share turnover,  was 119% (2007: 131%).  Our lower
weighting compared to the prior year was largely a result of
our decreased market capitalisation and share turnover. 
Average daily trading volume of the adidas AG share (excluding
bank trades) declined from 22 million in 2007 to 20 million
shares in 2008.  Within the DAX-30,  we ranked 19 on market
capitalisation (2007: 21) and 25 on turnover (2007: 22) at yearend 2008. 

High and low share prices 
1) Based on intra-day prices. 
Source: Bloomberg. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

039

Five-year share price development 1)

Dec.  31,  2003

Dec.  31,  2008

Convertible bond trades at a premium
The publicly-traded convertible bond closed the year at
€ 12100,  which is 40% below its prior year level (2007:
€ 20265).  This represents a premium of around 136% above
par value of the share. 
Dividend proposal at prior year level
The adidas AG Executive and Supervisory Boards will recommend paying a dividend of € 050 to our shareholders at the
Annual General Meeting (AGM) on May 7,  2009 (2007: € 050). 
Subject to the meeting's approval,  the dividend will be paid on
May 8,  2009.  Management has decided to maintain the dividend
level in light of the tough business environment and our focus
on reducing net borrowings.  The total payout of € 97 million
(2007: € 99 million) reflects a decrease of our payout ratio to
15% of net income (2007: 18%).  The dividend proposal follows
our dividend policy,  under which the adidas Group intends to
pay out between 15 and 25% of consolidated net income. 

250

200

150

100

50
adidas AG
DAX-30
MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury Goods
1) Index: December 31,  2003  100. 

Share buyback programme completed
On January 29,  2008,  adidas AG announced a share buyback
programme.  The buyback was conducted on the basis of
authorisations given by the Annual General Meetings on May
10,  2007,  and May 8,  2008,  respectively.  Under the programmeadidas AG shares of up to 5% of the Company's stock capital
(up to 10182248 shares) with an aggregate value of up to
€ 420 million (excluding incidental purchasing costs) could be
repurchased,  exclusively via the stock exchange. 
On October 27,  2008,  adidas AG announced the completion of
the programme.  Between January 30 and October 22,  2008adidas AG repurchased a total of 10182248 shares at an average price of € 4021.  This represents 5% of the stock capital
at the time the programme started.  The total buyback volume
amounted to € 409 million.  The repurchased shares were
cancelled,  hence increasing earnings per share. 

040

To Our Shareholders 
Our Share 
Share ratios at a glance 
2008

Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share
Operating cash flow per share
Year-end price
Year-high
Year-low
Dividend per share
Dividend payout
Dividend payout ratio
Dividend yield
Shareholders' equity per share
Price-earnings ratio at year-end
Average trading volume
per trading day
DAX-30 ranking 3) at year-end
by market capitalisation
by turnover 
€
€
€
€
€
€
€
€ in millions

%
€

shares 
1) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 
2) Based on number of shares outstanding at year-end. 
3) As reported by Deutsche Börse AG. 

2007

325
307
252
2714
5163
2122
050 1)
97 2)
15 2)
184
1750
88

271
257
383
5126
5126
3450
050
99
18
098
1485
199

1966669

2231485

19
25

21
22

Increasingly international investor base
Based on the amount of invitations to our AGM in May 2008we estimate that adidas AG currently has around 70000
shareholders.  In our latest ownership analysis conducted in
December 2008,  we identified 72% of our shares outstanding. 
Shareholdings in the North American market account for 30%
of our total shares outstanding.  Identified German institutional investors hold 10% of shares outstanding.  The shareholdings in the rest of Europe excluding Germany amount to
28%,  while 1% of institutional shareholders were identified in
other regions of the world.  adidas Group Management,  which
comprises current members of the Executive and Supervisory
Boards,  holds 3% in total
see Corporate Governance,  p.  026. 
Undisclosed holdings,  which also include private investorsaccount for the remaining 28%. 
Voting rights notifications received
All voting rights notifications in accordance with § 21,  section 1
of the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz WpHG) received in 2008 can be viewed on our
corporate website at
www, adidas-Group, com /shareholdings. 
Further information can also be found in the Notes section of
this Annual Report
see Note 21,  p.  176. 
adidas Group receives strong analyst support
The adidas Group continued to receive strong analyst support in 2008.  Around 30 analysts regularly published research
reports on adidas AG.  In 2008,  Commerzbank initiated coverage
while Merrill Lynch shifted reporting on our share to Europe
from North America.  Most of the coverage on the adidas AG
share now takes place in Europe.  The majority of analysts are
confident about the medium- and long-term potential of our
Group.  This is reflected in the recommendation split for our
share as at December 31,  2008.  53% of analysts recommended
investors to 'buy" our share in their last publication during the
12-month period (2007: 84%).  34% advised to hold our share
(2007: 16%).  13% of the analysts recommended a 'sell" rating
(2007: 0%). 

Shareholder structure 1)

Rest of
the world 
1%

Management 
North America 30%

3%

Germany 
10%

Other,  undisclosed
28%
holdings
Rest of Europe 28%

Award-winning Investor Relations activities
adidas AG strives to maintain continuous close contact to institutional and private shareholders as well as analysts.  In 2008Management and the Investor Relations team spent more than
30 days on roadshows and presented at numerous national
and international conferences.  At the Annual General Meeting
in May 2008,  we conducted a private shareholder survey
reflecting high satisfaction with our share as an investment
as well as our Investor Relations services. 
In June,  nearly 40 analysts and investors joined the Group's
CFO Robin J.  Stalker and the Investor Relations team for an
Investor Field Trip to China.  Store visits as well as extensive
presentations outlined the Group's strategy in Asia. 

1) In December 2008. 

The print version of our 2007 Annual Report ranked stronglytaking first place in the DAX-30 and the overall ranking by the
'manager magazin" competition 'The Best Annual Reports". 

Recommendation split 1)

Sell 
13%

Hold 
Buy 
34%

53%

Extensive financial information available online
We offer extensive information around our share as well as the
Group's strategy and financial results on our corporate website
at
www, adidas-Group, com / investors.  Our event calendar
lists all conferences we attend and provides all presentations
for download.  In addition to live webcasts of all major events
such as our Analyst Conferences,  the Annual General Meeting
and our Investor Day,  we also offer podcasts of our quarterly
conference calls.  In January 2008,  we launched an event
reminder service to ensure timely notification about upcoming
corporate events to interested shareholders. 

1) At year-end 2008. 
Source: Bloomberg. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

041

Britta Steffen
adidas
Britta Steffen is currently Germany's most successful
swimmer: Several world records and European
Championship titles were hers already before she
competed in the Olympic Games in Beijing and won
two gold medals.  She has a clear objective for 2009 –
to qualify for the World Championships.  And her game
plan to achieve this goal? 'Concentrate on certain
swim distances,  take intentional breaks and believe
in my power. "

Structure and Strategy
Corporate Mission Statement
Group Brands and Divisions
Group Strategy
adidas Strategy
Reebok Strategy
TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy
Internal Group Management System
Major Locations and Promotion Partnerships 
044
044
045
046
048
052
056
058
062

Corporate Functions
Global Operations
Sustainability
Employees
Research and Development 
064
064
067
070
074



Group Management Report –
Our Group 
Group Management Report Our Group 
Corporate Mission Statement
The adidas Group strives to be the global leader in the sporting goods industry
with sports brands built on a passion for sports and a sporting lifestyle. 

We are dedicated
to consistently delivering
outstanding financial results. 

We are innovation and design leaders
who seek to help athletes of all skill
levels achieve peak performance with
every product we bring to market. 

044

Group Management Report Our Group 
We are committed
to continuously strengthening
our brands and products
to improve our competitive
position. 

We are consumer focused
and therefore we continuously improve
the quality,  look,  feel and image of our
products and our organisational structures to match and exceed consumer
expectations and to provide them with
the highest value. 

Structure and Strategy — Corporate Mission Statement — Group Brands and Divisions 
We are a global organisation
that is socially and environmentally
responsible,  creative and financially
rewarding for our employees and
shareholders. 

Group Brands and Divisions 
adidas
(72% of Group sales)

Reebok
(20% of Group sales)

TaylorMade-adidas Golf
(8% of Group sales)

Sport Performance (80% of adidas sales)
The guiding principle of the adidas Sport Performance Division
is to equip all athletes to achieve their 'impossible".  adidas Sport
Performance brings its passion for great products to athletes
in all sports and mainly focuses on four key categories globally:
football,  running,  training and basketball. 

Reebok (80% of Reebok sales)
Inspired by its roots in sport and women's fitness,  Reebok is
 global brand that is committed to developing innovative products
which will allow Reebok to own Women's Fitness,  challenge the
Men's Sport category and revive its Classics heritage. 

TaylorMade (70% of TaylorMade-adidas Golf sales)
TaylorMade is a leader in the industry and the number one
metalwood supplier.  It focuses on consumers who seek the most
innovative,  performance-enhancing golf equipment availableincluding technologically superior drivers,  fairway woods,  ironsputters and balls. 

Sport Style (20% of adidas sales)
The Sport Style Division is the home of Originals,  defined as authentic
sportswear,  the Fashion Group,  which is the future of sportswear,  and
Style Essentials,  the fresh sport-inspired label made accessible for
style-adopting youth.  Together they offer consumers products from
street fashion to high fashion,  all uniquely inspired and linked to sport. 

Reebok-CCM Hockey (9% of Reebok sales)
Reebok-CCM Hockey is one of the world's largest designersmanufacturers and marketers of hockey equipment and apparel
with two of the world's most recognised hockey brand names:
Reebok Hockey and CCM Hockey. 

adidas Golf (30% of TaylorMade-adidas Golf sales)
adidas Golf targets active,  serious,  athletic-minded golfers who
understand that the right technologies can dramatically improve
the performance of golf footwear and apparel. 

Rockport (11% of Reebok sales)
Building on nearly four decades of engineering expertise and
 commitment to innovation,  Rockport designs and markets dresscasual and outdoor footwear as well as apparel and accessories
that fuse dynamic technology and modern style. 

Ashworth (acquired in November 2008)
Ashworth is a leading designer of men's and women's golf-inspired
lifestyle sportswear distributed internationally in golf pro shops
and resorts as well as upscale department and speciality stores. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

045

Group Strategy
Our goal as a Group is to lead the sporting
goods industry with brands built on a passion
for sports and a sporting lifestyle.  We continuously strive to generate consumer excitement
and enhance brand profitability by executing a
clear strategy.  In everything we do,  we are
focused on strengthening and developing our
brands to maximise the Group's operational
and financial performance and create shareholder value. 
Performance as core Group value
Our Group's mission and strategy are rooted in our desire to
provide athletes with the best possible equipment to optimise
their performance.  This philosophy originated with our brands'
founders Adi Dassler,  J.  W.  Foster and Gary Adams whose
passion for sport inspired them to develop innovative sports
products and create new sports categories.  We aim to consistently perform at a level where we not only meet but exceed
the expectations of our stakeholders. 

046

Group Management Report Our Group 
We strive to be closer to consumers than any of our competitors,  and our unique understanding of consumers enables us to
enhance their athletic experience.  In support of these effortswe continuously optimise our sales and distribution processes
and improve our customer service efforts for our retail partners.  We make every effort to align our employees' personal
objectives with our Group and brand targets and reward our
see Employees,  p.  070.  Further,  we
staff for high achievement
are particularly focused on ensuring best-practice social and
environmental standards
see Sustainability,  p.  067.  A commitment to constantly increase value for our shareholders is
at the core of our activities.  This commitment to top performance differentiates us from other competitors and is a
unifying principle across our multi-brand organisation. 
Leveraging opportunities across our brand portfolio
The strength of our brands is a key factor in our Group's
success.  Within our brand portfolio,  we primarily pursue two
strategic priorities:
— Market penetration gaining market share across all
markets in which we compete,  and
— Market development expanding into new markets and
addressing new consumer segments. 
Our multi-brand approach allows us to tackle opportunities
from several perspectives,  as both a mass and a niche playerproviding distinct and relevant products to a broad spectrum of
consumers.  In this way,  each brand is able to concentrate on its
core competencies.  Across all brands,  we focus on increasing
awareness and visibility,  providing clear and consistent messaging and supporting product initiatives at the point-of-sale. 
In addition,  our commercial success also depends on leveraging the scale of our organisation and sharing best practice
across our Group.  In particular,  we continue to prioritise the
development and further integration of our supply chain across
all brands,  turning it into a long-term competitive advantage
see Global Operations,  p.  064. 
for our Group 
Structure and Strategy — Group Strategy 
Leading position in markets worldwide
As a global organisation,  we target leading market positions
in all regions where we compete.  In Europe,  where our Group
is the market leader in terms of sales,  our strategy is twofold.  First,  we continue to strengthen our position in the major
Western European markets and strive to grow our brands
through well-coordinated efforts with key account partners. 
Secondly,  we are capitalising on the strong growth opportunities in the region's emerging markets (i, e.  Eastern Europe,  the
Middle East and Africa). 
In North America,  we see significant upside potential.  As a
Group,  we are number two in terms of sales,  but we believe
we are currently under-represented in the North American
sporting goods market.  Therefore,  we target market share
expansion via a strong,  consumer-driven product offeringa diversified distribution strategy,  and visible and engaging
communication initiatives. 
In Asia,  where our Group is the market leader in terms of sales
with number one positions in several markets,  our goal is to
strengthen and extend our market leadership position.  Our key
priority in the medium term is expanding our business in the
region's two most important markets: China and Japan.  In
tandem,  we will also continue to capitalise on opportunities
in other emerging markets in Asia such as India. 
Finally,  in Latin America,  our Group's fastest-growing region for
the last several years,  we are focused on rapidly expanding our
business in the four most important markets: Brazil,  ArgentinaMexico and Chile.  Our target is to take over market leadership
in terms of sales by 2010. 

Leading through innovation and design
We are determined to address every consumer in a specific and
unique way with product and communication initiatives that
generate trade and consumer interest.  As a result,  we believe
that technological innovation and cutting-edge design are
essential to sustainable leadership in our industry. 
Innovation plays a significant role in differentiating our product
offering in the minds of consumers.  By leveraging the extensive
R&D expertise within our Group,  we continuously challenge
the boundaries of functionality and performance.  It is our
objective to launch at least one major new technology or techsee Research and Developmentnological evolution per year
p.  074. 
Through design partnerships and collaborations with Stella
McCartney,  Yohji Yamamoto,  Porsche Design and Jean-Michel
Basquiat we are widening our design reach and imbuing our
products with the excitement consumers demand.  By continually expanding our capabilities in R&D and design,  we are able
to introduce new products at premium price points,  thus contributing to Group margin improvement. 

Customising distribution
Our Group will drive future success by engaging consumers
with unique interactive product approaches and rewarding
point-of-sale experiences.  Our brands must be competitive in
this environment where consumers make their final purchase
decisions based on availability,  convenience and breadth of
product offering.  As a result,  we are continuously refining our
distribution proposition,  concentrating on two areas: expanding
controlled space and improving retail relationships. 
Controlled space includes:
—
—
—
—
—

Our own-retail business including e-commerce
Mono-branded stores run by retail partners
Shop-in-shops that we establish with our key accounts
Joint ventures with retail partners
Co-branded stores with sports organisations or other
brands 
Creating shareholder value
Sustainable revenue and operating profit growth are critical
to our success.  Creating value for our shareholders through
significant free cash flow generation drives our overall
decision-making process
see Internal Group Management
System,  p.  058.  For each of our brands,  we pursue the most
value-enhancing avenues for growth,  with particular emphasis on continuously improving profitability.  In addition,  rigorously managing working capital and optimising financial leverage remain key priorities for us.  As always,  we are committed
to increasing returns to shareholders with above-industryaverage share price performance and dividends. 

These formats provide us with a high level of brand control,  as
we either manage the stores ourselves (i, e.  own retail) or we
work closely with our partners (mono-branded stores,  shopin-shops,  joint ventures,  co-branded stores) to ensure the
appropriate product offering and presentation at the pointof-sale.  Brand control helps us drive sales and profitability
increases and expand our market position.  We intend to generate at least 35% of our Group's revenues through controlled
space in the coming years. 
Going forward,  we will also further differentiate and segment
our product offering to align our distribution more closely with
 given retailer's customer base.  In addition,  we are partnering
with retailers to increase the level and quality of sell-through
information we receive.  This creates a mutually beneficial relationship that will help us become a more valuable and reliable
business partner to our retailers. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

047

adidas Strategy
adidas strives to be the leading sports brand
in the world an ambitious yet realistic goal. 
One major lever to achieve this is the brand's
broad and unique product portfolio spanning
from apparel and footwear for professional
athletes to premium fashion.  It allows adidas
to address multiple consumer needs,  tackle
market opportunities from various angles as
well as be less affected by one-dimensional
market risks.  This product portfolio as well as
adidas' commitment to excel in all relevant
segments differentiates the brand from competitors and ensures solid market growth,  while
staying true to the brand's values.  Currentlythe brand focuses on five global priorities:
Football,  Running,  Training,  Basketball and
Originals. 

Preparing the adidas business for the future
Like every world-class athlete,  adidas is continuously trying
to be faster,  stronger and thus more competitive.  To further
focus on becoming a more efficient organisation,  a comprehensive 'Streamlining Complexity" programme commenced
at the beginning of 2008.  The objective is to increase the efficiency of how adidas brings concepts to market,  defining clear
responsibilities,  and ensuring optimal external results in the
marketplace.  The programme is also designed to help adidas
reduce costs.  In 2008,  for example,  adidas already achieved a
significant article reduction that will drive improvements in net
sales per article.  In addition,  this will reduce workload in the
creation area going forward,  facilitating higher focus on key
product initiatives.  The Streamlining Complexity programme
will continue in 2009,  providing a platform to maximise future
brand profitability and a more dedicated focus on the brand's
core strengths. 
Innovation leadership through personalisation
adidas' innovation philosophy encompasses every facet of the
brand's business from product design and development to
brand marketing,  promotion partnerships and distribution.  In
this area,  personalisation represents a key focus.  Personalised
product concepts at adidas include:
— Interactive product concepts such as miCoach an individual training system launched in 2008,  which can senseunderstand and adapt to the consumer's needs. 
— Customised solutions such as the mi Originals platform or
the TUNIT™ football boot concept,  which offer consumers the
opportunity to specify certain product features. 
— A broad selection of well-defined product families such as
adiSTAR®,  adiZero™ and Supernova™ and technologies such
as CLIMA,  TECHFIT™,  FORMOTION™ and BOUNCE™,  offering
consumers extensive choice,  according to their individually
defined needs and requirements. 

048

Group Management Report Our Group 
Structure and Strategy — adidas Strategy 
In marketing and distribution,  personalisation includes providing tailor-made offerings be it online or in stores.  Personalisation will be the brand's lead innovation concept and a driving
force of the adidas business going forward.  It will guide all
efforts in product design and development,  (digital) marketing
and distribution and it is adidas' goal to be the most personal
sports brand by 2015. 
Partnership network strengthened
The utilisation of promotion partners such as federationsteams,  leagues,  events,  individuals and designers is an
important part of the brand's strategy.  This not only serves
to showcase the credentials of adidas products in the performance arena,  but also to facilitate the extension of the adidas
brand in the sport-inspired lifestyle market.  In 2008,  the
Sport Performance division further strengthened its promotional partnership network.  In November,  adidas announced
 long-term partnership with the IAAF.  Under this agreementadidas will be the official IAAF athletic sponsor and licensee product supplier,  a partnership that incorporates every
aspect of athletics,  and makes adidas the Official Sponsor
of the 2009 IAAF World Championships in Berlin.  The brand
extended contracts with two of the world's most recognised
football clubs: AC Milan and Ajax Amsterdam.  Furthermorethe Russian Football Union was added as a partner an important step for the brand's future success in the Russian market. 
Also,  the sponsorship deal with the All Blacks,  New Zealand's
iconic rugby team,  was extended.  In the Sport Style divisionadidas has created a new platform Originals by Originals –
to increase its collaboration with some of the world's leading
designers.  Season after season,  this programme will allow
adidas to offer consumers cutting-edge footwear and apparel
that reflects the diversity and creativity of the designers who
work close to the brand.  Jeremy Scott,  Alyasha and Kazuki
have each created mini collections for the launch of this initiative in spring 2009. 

Increasing cooperation with retail partners
Success in both Sport Performance and Sport Style requires
an effective distribution strategy and a solid network of reliable retail partners.  The right presentation and availability
of consumer-relevant products as well as excellent customer
service at the point-of-sale are critical in this respect.  adidas
currently generates around 82% of its business with its retail
partners.  Two of the highest strategic priorities to drive future
business growth with the brand's partners are:
— Consumer-oriented range segmentation today forms the
foundation for closely targeted brand activation plans.  In thisadidas is working very closely with its main retail partners to
fully align consumer propositions and to develop unique selling
propositions in line with the partner's target audience.  In 2008an example of this was the collaboration with the Intersport
Group around the UEFA EURO 2008™.  adidas also seeks to
broaden its distribution network with the addition of new
partners,  in particular sports specialist or fashion specialist
customers,  as the product offering is expanding continuously. 
— Retail space management (e.g.  shop-in-shops) is becoming the most dynamic business model for adidas and is a key
part of the brand's controlled space expansion.  In this,  the
brand is cooperating with retailers along the entire supply
chain all the way through to the point-of-sale.  Replenishment
models secure high levels of product availability throughout
the season,  allowing for quick adaptation to demand patterns. 
In addition,  by increasing control over point-of-sale presentation,  regular brand statements and product updates give adidas
higher flexibility to generate consumer awareness. 
To support these initiatives,  during 2008 the brand extended
the reach of its innovative web portal services and added
attractive new features to its CRM platform in many countries
around the world.  Going forward,  adidas is ready to invest into
new forms of cooperation to remain at the forefront of customer collaboration and partnership. 

Own retail and e-commerce
Own-retail expansion is an important strategic driver for adidas
brand growth.  While serving as a mechanism to expand distribution where retail infrastructure is under-developed (such as
in many emerging markets),  own-retail activities also give the
brand valuable insight into consumer trends and product positioning in all markets where adidas operates its own stores. 
In addition,  improving own-retail presence and processes will
– in the long run also be beneficial for enhancing other controlled space initiatives as best practices in presenting brand
image can be incorporated in these concepts. 
2008 marked a milestone in adidas own-retail history with the
opening of the first adidas Brand Center in Beijing a month
before the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games.  As the largest adidas
own-retail store in the world with 3170 m2,  the Brand Center
offers products from all adidas categories under one roof. 
Other retail initiatives carried out in 2008 included refining the
women's and kids' areas and a revised,  more customer-friendly
footwear department in adidas Sport Performance stores.  The
Sport Style division released new concepts for the Originals
stores called Atelier and Studio.  Furthermore,  a refreshed
Y-3 store concept has been launched and is already exceeding expectations.  To fully exploit the potential of the new Style
Essentials range,  adidas has opened numerous dedicated
stores via the adidas franchise partners in China. 
In 2008,  adidas also successfully launched its e-commerce
platform in four major European markets (Germany,  the
Netherlands,  France and the UK).  In 2009,  the United States
and selected European countries will welcome mi Performance
online as part of the mi adidas® customisation solution. 

Sport Performance: divisional overview
No other brand has a more distinguished history or stronger
connection with sport than adidas; not only where the best
meet the very best,  like at the Beijing 2008 Olympic Gamesbut everywhere around the globe where sports are playedwatched,  enjoyed and celebrated. 
Everything at adidas reflects the spirit of its founder Adi Dassler. 
That means adidas intends to inspire,  support and equip all
athletes in the best possible way to help them achieve their
optimal performance.  Therefore,  adidas Sport Performance
remains the brand's primary focus both in terms of product and
brand initiatives.  The division will continue to generate at least
70% of adidas brand revenues going forward.  Although the
adidas Sport Performance division offers products in almost
every sports category,  the key priorities are:
—
—
—
—

Football
Running
Training
Basketball 
In all these areas,  adidas strives to be the leading global brand
in terms of sales.  Additionally,  adidas plans to intensify its
activities in the outdoor market
see adidas Products and
Campaigns,  p.  128 and to further extend its strong global market
position in the tennis category going forward. 
adidas aims to consistently present the brand attitude
'Impossible is Nothing" in targeted and relevant consumer
communication.  The 'Impossible is Nothing" brand campaign
encourages consumers to achieve their own personal
'impossible" goals no matter what they might be and
underlines that adidas will help them in their pursuit of these
goals. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

049

Sport Performance Football: expanding market leadership
Being the most popular sport worldwide,  football is clearly one
of adidas' key strategic priorities.  For over 50 years,  adidas
has led all major developments in football boot technology and
balls.  Building on its success around major sporting events
such as the FIFA World Cup™ and the European Football
Championship,  the brand strives to increase its leadership
position by continuously creating the industry's top products
and fully leveraging its outstanding portfolio of promotion
partners. 
Promotion partners include leading football associations
(e.g.  FIFA,  UEFA),  national federations (e.g.  Germany,  RussiaSpain,  Romania,  Greece,  Argentina,  Mexico,  Japan),  leagues
(e.g.  Major League Soccer in the USA),  clubs (e.g.  Real MadridAC Milan,  Chelsea FC,  Liverpool FC,  FC Bayern Munich,  River
Plate Buenos Aires) and individual players (e.g.  Kaká,  Lionel
Messi,  David Beckham,  Michael Ballack). 
In 2008,  adidas continued to grow its market leadership in football markets around the world,  thanks to the brand's strong
presence at the UEFA EURO 2008™.  Going forward,  the football category will concentrate on the lead-up to the 2010 FIFA
World Cup South Africa™.  In addition,  the FIFA Confederations
Cup in South Africa and the UEFA Champions League serve as
important platforms to showcase new products and marketing
concepts throughout 2009. 
Sport Performance Running: building credibility
with high-performance athletes
Running continues to be one of adidas' highest category priorities and is critical to the brand's success moving forward. 
Because of the category's global importance,  the brand is committed to support running with a substantial portion of overall
marketing spend. 

050

Group Management Report Our Group 
The brand's philosophy is to inspire and enable runners on all
levels.  First and foremost,  adidas focuses on building credibility with the high-performance athlete.  This credibility is the
foundation for eventually tapping into the broader opportunity
in the running category,  the casual runner. 
In 2009,  running will focus on personalisation as well as more
exciting and feminine products for women runners.  Using
the marketing mantra 'Because Every Runner Is Different"adidas Running will introduce the exciting new family Gazelle in
addition to current product families such as the adiSTAR® and
Supernova™ offerings.  The huge track and field support that
adidas provides its athletes with will also become apparent on
the world's biggest sporting stage in 2009,  at the IAAF World
Championships in Berlin. 
Sport Performance Training: leading in innovation
At adidas,  training is the biggest category for both men and
women.  Training supports the preparation needs of serious
athletes across all sports disciplines and is the industry's largest apparel category.  Innovation continues to be an important
strategic priority in this category.  In September 2008,  adidas
purchased Textronics,  Inc.,  a specialist in integrating high-tech
heart rate,  moisture and blood pressure monitoring technology
into performance apparel.  This acquisition will help strengthen
adidas' leading position in the intelligent product category. 
Furthermore,  adidas will continue to deepen its relationship
with other key partners,  providing athletes with insights,  advice
and training programmes,  which will be delivered on the adidas
miCoach platform. 
In addition to new innovations,  training continues to evolve and
develop its existing industry-leading technologies.  Updated
gender-specific body mapping enables CLIMA to stay at the
forefront of delivering optimal solutions for moisture management and body temperature control.  TECHFIT™ compressionled by the unique TECHFIT PowerWEB proposition,  will further
broaden itself as a cross-category technology featuring on
athletes in sports as wide-ranging as football and athletics to
see adidas Products
basketball,  swimming,  rugby and boxing
and Campaigns,  p.  129. 

Structure and Strategy — adidas Strategy 
We believe one of our major existing growth areas and key
long-term opportunities for the brand is women's training. 
In 2009,  a campaign entitled 'Me,  Myself" featuring tennis
player Ana Ivanovic and basketball star Candace Parker will be
launched,  recognising the personalised and individual needs of
women who want to be 'fit to win" and 'fit for life". 
Sport Performance Basketball: the 'Brotherhood" grows
adidas is one of the leading basketball brands worldwide with a
strong presence outside of North America.  Increasing its footprint in basketball,  in particular in the critical North American
market,  therefore represents another key component of the
adidas brand strategy.  adidas intends to strengthen its position
in the category by emphasising the brand's unique positioning with a clear focus not only on individual but also on team
performance. 
In 2008,  adidas Basketball continued to leverage its unique
NBA partnership and developed the 'Brotherhood" campaign
which will continue in 2009.  Due to the NBA's increasing visibility and popularity around the globe,  the partnership represents an important vehicle to drive the adidas basketball business in Asia and Europe.  With basketball overtaking football
as the most popular sport in China,  adidas brought the NBA
to Shanghai in 2008.  With the NBA live and 5IVE grassroots
events,  and the introduction of TECHFIT PowerWEB as the
official compression apparel of the NBA,  adidas Basketball will
continue to excite consumers in 2009. 

Sport Style: divisional overview
The market for streetwear and lifestyle fashion represents a
unique opportunity for sporting goods companies as it is more
fragmented and larger in size than the market for products
used in sports activity.  In addition,  profitability in the sports
lifestyle market is typically higher as a result of lower R&D
expenses. 
adidas was the first brand to credibly leverage its sports assets
in the lifestyle arena and as a result is regarded as a legitimate sports lifestyle brand.  What started as a niche business
has developed into a significant contributor to the brand's
top line with potential to represent up to 30% in the medium
to long term.  To best tap the potential of the sports lifestyle
market,  adidas created a dedicated Sport Style division primarily focused on its Originals and Fashion businesses (e.g.  Y-3Porsche Design). 

Sport Style adidas Originals: from niche to
fashion mainstream
The cornerstone of the Sport Style division is adidas Originals:
the original lifestyle brand,  born in sport heritage but living
in contemporary lifestyles.  adidas Originals is uniquely positioned amongst its competitors in that it unites and touches
diverse pockets of popular culture around the world.  Its biggest
strength and point of difference is the ability of the Trefoil to
be a relevant part of people's lives in whatever lifestyle they
have: skater,  rocker,  artist,  musician,  sneakerhead,  sports
fan,  etc. 
With a holistic offering in products and communications,  adidas
Originals speaks to and engages the youth audience in authentic,  creative and new ways with the 'Celebrate Originality"
philosophy. 

To address the needs of its diverse consumer groups and
maximise business opportunities,  adidas Originals takes a
two-tier strategy to brand and product marketing: Statement
and Core.  Statement product concepts aim to generate buzz
and to add freshness to the brand.  Core product concepts aim
to generate sales volumes by presenting a constant collection
that is uniquely adidas.  In essence,  Core is the bread and butter
of adidas Originals and includes all collections that consumers
have come to depend on. 
The brand marketing focus is with the core consumer,  so in
2008 the marketing efforts behind adidas Originals were also
increased significantly with the first global campaign including
television and cinema,  the 'Originals House Party",  featuring
entertainment icons like Missy Elliott and Katy Perry,  or sports
icons from Ilie Nastase to David Beckham celebrating '60 Years
of Soles and Stripes". 
In 2009,  adidas Originals will complete the full transition
from niche marketing to mainstream with the largest global
Originals brand campaign ever,  coinciding with the 60th anniversary of the brand. 
Sport Style adidas is fashion: Y-3 and the
adidas SLVR Label
Since 2002,  adidas has rapidly expanded Y-3,  a collaboration
with one of the most innovative and highly regarded global
designers: Yohji Yamamoto.  Y-3 successfully combines the
worlds of fashion and sports and makes adidas a true pioneer
in the field of sport-inspired high-end,  premium fashion. 
adidas is the only sports brand with a greatly anticipated and
well-regarded show at each New York Fashion Week. 

The opportunity or  new-ness",  however,  will come through
leveraging what has been created through Y-3 and Originals to
expand the brand's fashion lifestyle offer to more and different
consumers.  In 2009,  adidas will bring the Sport Style division to
another level with the launch of the adidas SLVR Label,  a pure
fashion brand for the modern cosmopolitan consumer,  offering
'simply perfect" garments,  shoes and accessories.  The adidas
SLVR Label celebrated its premiere at the New York Fashion
Week in February 2009,  which will be followed by the opening
of its first store worldwide. 
Sport Style extending brand reach through
adidas Style Essentials
In 2008,  adidas took a big step forward with the expansion of
the Sport Style division through the introduction of adidas
Style Essentials.  adidas Style Essentials is a complete offering
of footwear,  apparel and accessories which takes its design
inspiration from the entire brand,  both Sport Performance and
Sport Style,  but offers it up in different distribution channels
and at more accessible price points.  It capitalises on existing
trends and brings them to market more rapidly than traditional
sporting goods timelines.  adidas Style Essentials is primarily
distributed through mono-branded stores in Asia and through
key account partners in North America and Europe. 

Controlled space will be the main strategic priority for Y-3
in the upcoming years.  By the end of 2010,  adidas targets to
have 40 Y-3 stores (including franchise and own-retail stores)
located in the world's top shopping destinations.  Furthermorea Y-3 online store has been launched in the USA in 2008,  with
the extension of e-commerce to other markets following in the
future. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

051

Reebok Strategy
The Reebok segment is comprised of the Reebok
brand,  Reebok-CCM Hockey and Rockport.  In
2008,  the Reebok brand has further refined its
strategy considering the brand's heritage and
values,  consumer insights and positioning
within the adidas Group portfolio.  Inspired by its
roots in sport and women's fitness,  Reebok
developed a clear roadmap for its key businesses going forward: Own Women's FitnessChallenge Men's Sport and Revive Classics. 
Central to Reebok's brand heritage is the
courage to challenge convention.  Unlike many
other brands,  Reebok is committed to make
fitness fun again challenging men and women
to fulfil their potential in sport and in life by
providing them with the opportunity,  the products and the inspiration to have fun staying in
shape. 

052

Group Management Report Our Group 
Becoming the 'brand that fits me"
As a consumer-driven brand,  Reebok commits to offer
consumers products that provide maximum fit and comfort
see Research and Development,  p.  074.  For Reebok this means
designing and developing products with materials,  styles
and technologies that enhance fit and comfort for consumers. 
With technologies such as SmoothFit™,  KineticFit and The
Pump™,  Reebok has already provided consumers with innovative fit elements in its apparel and footwear.  In 2008,  Reebok
expanded its SmoothFit™ technology across all sports
categories,  providing an amazing fit through the elimination of interior seams within the shoe.  In 2009,  the brand will
take this approach a step further with the launch of a new
innovative footwear technology to meet the versatile needs of
today's athletes,  called SelectRide™.  Through its adjustable
air-inflated underfoot cushioning system,  the SelectRide™
technology creates two shoes in one a running shoe and a
training shoe.  Initiatives like these support Reebok's fit and
innovation strategy and will be the focus of Reebok's innovation
going forward. 
Becoming the 'brand that fits me" also means addressing
consumers in a personal,  engaging way so they can better
identify with the brand.  Reebok's global brand campaign'Your Move",  is an invitation for people to express themselvesin sport and life,  in their own individual way.  This campaign
was launched in 2008,  and will continue through 2009 as a
connecting theme across all categories. 

Structure and Strategy — Reebok Strategy 
Reebok strategy and focus areas 
YOUR MOVE
Territory
Having FUN
staying in
shape 
Women 
Men 
— Fitness
— Running
— Walking 
— Training
— Running
— Sports 
Classics
— Women 
Own 
— Men 
Revive 
Challenge 
However,  the concept of fit is not only a product and marketing philosophy.  Instead,  it should guide all facets of the brand's
business.  That means meeting the needs of consumers,  promotional partners,  retailers and employees.  With a 'perfect fit"
distribution strategy,  Reebok intends to offer the right products
to the right accounts at the right margins.  Moreover,  Reebok is
committed to building a work environment that matches the
need of its employees and to hiring people who fit the brand's
values. 
Own women's fitness
Reebok is on a mission to make fitness fun again for women. 
The brand's commitment to women's fitness is long-standing. 
It introduced Step Reebok in 1989 and virtually invented the
aerobics movement of the 1980s.  This heritage and credibility
has connected women to Reebok like no other brand,  and will
serve as the cornerstone for the brand's business expansion. 
Reebok began to define its focus on women's fitness in autumn
2008,  launching a women's specific 'Your Move" campaign. 
In 2009,  the brand will accelerate its women's programmesintroducing new partnerships and products and once again
reaffirming its support of women's health and fitness –
whether in the gym,  out of the gym or for a cause. 

In the gym: Reebok and Cirque du Soleil entered into a revolutionary partnership,  inspiring a new workout experience
and product collection that is forward-looking,  exploratory
and feminine.  In spring 2009,  Reebok and Cirque du Soleil
will launch JUKARI Fit to Fly™,  a genuine workout experience,  inspired by the imaginative,  theatrical and physically
demanding artistry of Cirque du Soleil
see Reebok Products
and Campaigns,  p.  138.  It is a full body cardio,  core and strength
workout that brings the Reebok philosophy of having fun in
fitness vividly to life. 
Unique to JUKARI Fit to Fly™ is proprietary new equipment,  the
FlySet™,  created by Reebok and enabling a diverse repertoire
of exercises and movement progressions.  With dramatic musicfluid choreography and unique signature moves,  JUKARI Fit to
Fly™ is unlike anything currently available in gyms.  Alongside JUKARI Fit to Fly™ is a fully integrated women's fitness
range,  the Reebok Cirque du Soleil collection,  which combines
the performance demands of the workout experience with the
creativity and artistry of Cirque du Soleil. 

Out of the gym: Women are busy and don't always find the time
to fit in their daily workout.  Based on this relevant consumer
need,  in 2009,  Reebok will launch the EasyTone™ footwear
collection that allows consumers to 'take the gym with them"
see Reebok Products and Campaigns,  p.  138.  The EasyTone™
technology involves two balance pods under the heel and forefoot of the shoes that create natural instability with every stepforcing the muscles to adapt and develop tone. 
For a cause: Reebok is committed to helping fight breast cancer.  The company is the official global footwear and apparel
sponsor of the Avon Walk Around the World for Breast Cancer. 
The brand has developed a special Pink Ribbon collection of
sports and lifestyle products for the walk.  All products carry
the symbolic Pink Ribbon and Reebok makes a significant
monetary contribution each year to supporting research into a
cure against this deadly disease.  Reebok also plans to activate
its newly formed Reebok Global Instructors locally in 2009 in
support of its Pink Ribbon Avon partnership. 

Personifying its philosophy of having fun staying in shapeReebok is partnering with some of the world's top women's
fitness instructors renowned for their inspirational approach to
fitness.  The Reebok Global Instructor Team are ambassadors
of the brand,  JUKARI Fit to Fly™ teachers and inspirational
motivators for women worldwide.  JUKARI Fit to Fly™ will be
available through a group of select worldwide gym partners
from early 2009. 
In addition,  Reebok will also launch the On The Move collection
of apparel and footwear.  Designed specifically for a woman's
body and how she moves and created for the needs of a
woman's busy lifestyle,  the collection is versatile and able to
be mixed-and-matched in or out of the gym. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

053

Challenge in men's sport
Reebok is a well-recognised men's sports brand,  a product of
its long-standing partnerships with several of the world's top
athletes,  professional leagues and teams.  Many of the world's
most recognisable athletes support Reebok,  including Eli
Manning (2008 Super Bowl MVP),  Santonio Holmes (2009 Super
Bowl MVP),  Alexander Ovechkin (2008 NHL MVP),  Yao Ming
(Olympic flag bearer for China),  and footballers Thierry Henry
(France's top goalscorer) and Iker Casillas (goalkeeper-captain
of Spain). 
Given Reebok's close collaboration with athletes,  the brand
has a clear understanding of athletes' training needs.  In 2009Reebok will focus on the largest globally relevant market
segments,  formulating a unique point of difference by fusing
running and training into one. 
The primary focus is on creating versatile products that help
athletes prepare for their sport irrespective of the discipline. 
One such example is the launch of the SelectRide™,  an underfoot cushioning technology that allows the athlete to select the
'train" or 'run" mode. 

This global focus on running and training will be complemented by a select set of regional category priorities,  including American football,  hockey,  baseball and lacrosse in North
America,  football in Europe and Latin America,  and cricket in
India.  The brand holds exclusive,  long-term licensing agreements with the National Football League,  National Hockey
League and National Lacrosse League in North America,  giving
Reebok the exclusive rights to manufacture and market both
authentic and replica uniform jerseys and sideline apparel. 
For example,  in North America,  Reebok's successful partnership with the National Football League has provided significant
exposure for the brand.  As the official outfitter of the NFLReebok provides on-field uniforms,  as well as off-field apparel
products to all 32 NFL teams.  This gives Reebok an unrivalled
presence at all NFL games during the season.  In addition,  the
partnership enables Reebok to drive its licensed business and
has a positive halo effect on the brand's cleated footwear and
branded apparel business.  By utilising individual players such
as Peyton Manning and Eli Manning as brand ambassadorsReebok strives to strengthen its connection with consumers. 

To support this running /training initiative,  Reebok formed a
new partnership with British driving sensation Lewis Hamiltonthe youngest ever Formula One champion.  Reebok has already
successfully leveraged this partnership in 2008 through its
innovative 'The Athlete within the Driver" campaign and will
continue to build on this throughout 2009. 

054

Group Management Report Our Group 
Structure and Strategy — Reebok Strategy 
Revive Classics
Most brands in the sporting goods industry define themselves as either a sport or a lifestyle player.  Reebok has a long
heritage within the industry based on products that bridge the
gap between sport and lifestyle.  Catering to sports lifestyle
consumers continues to be an important pillar of Reebok's
strategy. 
In the past,  the brand's lifestyle business was overly reliant
on certain products,  particularly in the Classics footwear segment.  To limit the risk of overdependence on single styles and
build a broad-based lifestyle business for the future,  Reebok
has been working over the past three years to limit distribution
of its Classics products to allow the market to recover from
oversupply. 
Going forward,  to leverage its iconic sports heritage,  Reebok
will revive its Classics brand with a refined and widened
product range.  In rebuilding this business,  a key tenet of the
strategy will also be to control distribution by segmenting the
product offering available for retailers as well as keeping a
tight rein on supply.  The intention is to reach a new generation
of consumers.  Within Classics there will be three collections:
Retro Sports Line,  Always Classics and Heritage. 
Taking inspiration from its authentic fitness Classics,  Reebok
has remixed iconic models from its past Freestyle™,  Ex-OFit™ and The Pump™ for the spring /summer 2009 collectioncreating modern versions of them.  These new shoes have the
distinct Reebok Classics branding,  but have been energised
with a modern look and feel.  On November 20th,  2009,  Reebok
will celebrate the 20th anniversary of The Pump™,  which
revolutionised the athletic footwear industry and was one of
the most successful shoes ever created.  Through a partnership
with 20 select retailers around the world,  custom collaborations of The Pump™ will be newly developed in 2009 and exclusee
sively launched in select stores in limited quantities
Reebok Products and Campaigns,  p.  138. 

Growth opportunities through controlled
space and e-commerce
Reebok increasingly focuses on the roll-out of shop-in-shops
with retail partners in mature markets,  while expanding its
own-store base as well as its mono-branded store network
in emerging markets.  In 2008 for example,  Reebok formed
 new men's and women's sports apparel partnership with
Dick's Sporting Goods,  introducing hundreds of new Reebok
shop-in-shops throughout Dick's stores in the USA.  In additionReebok began rolling out shop-in-shops with key European
retail partners in order to represent the new women's concepts
holistically.  By the end of 2009,  Reebok plans to have over 150
of these in place in the European market. 
Reebok is also leveraging the digital space to control distribution and build direct consumer relationships.  In 2008,  Reebok
launched a new global website and e-commerce channels
in North America and five markets in Europe (UK,  FranceNetherlands,  Ireland,  Belgium).  The new global website allows
Reebok to showcase the breadth and depth of the brand's complete product offering,  significantly improving the consumer
experience and driving online sales for the brand. 
Reebok will build on its controlled space momentum in 2009
with the further roll-out of mono-branded retail stores and
shop-in-shops as well as extending its e-commerce platform
(e.g.  in Germany and Austria).  Current plans are to open over
1000 new mono-branded stores (including franchise and ownretail stores) in the next 24 months,  including the introduction
of a new Women's Fitness retail format. 
Increasing average selling prices
To reinforce its position as a premium sports and lifestyle
brand,  Reebok's goal is to significantly improve and increase its
product offering at high and mid-price points to drive growth
in average selling prices.  This approach may slow the targeted
short-term top-line development by voluntarily foregoing
commercial opportunities in the low-price segment.  More
importantly,  however,  it enables Reebok to build a platform
for sustainable long-term sales and profitability growth and
preserves the brand's image. 

Reebok-CCM Hockey: strengthening innovation leadership
Reebok-CCM Hockey leverages significant brand exposure
through its exclusive licensee relationships with the National
Hockey League (NHL),  the American Hockey League,  the
Canadian Hockey League (CHL),  as well as several colleges
(NCAA) and national teams.  Reebok-CCM Hockey continues
to hold the number one position in global sales in the hockey
category through its Reebok Hockey and CCM Hockey brands. 
Reebok-CCM Hockey aims to further strengthen its innovation leadership.  Product development and design initiatives
therefore focus on technologically advanced,  performancesee Research and Development,  p.  074. 
enhancing equipment
While both brands offer the complete range of hockey equipment and apparel,  the CCM brand is focused on leveraging its
excellence in skates and Reebok Hockey is focused on hockey
sticks and apparel. 
The Reebok 2009 Hockey Pro product line will be backed by
star athletes such as 2007 NHL MVP Sidney Crosby and top
NHL Vancouver Canucks goalie Roberto Luongo.  Reebok will
introduce for the first time the PUMP™ hockey skate,  featuring Reebok's proprietary PUMP™ technology.  The company will
also bring to market the lightest hockey stick ever,  at a mere
405 grams. 
As a leading manufacturer and marketer of technologically
advanced hockey equipment,  Reebok-CCM Hockey primarily
targets high price points.  By further strengthening its innovation leadership,  Reebok-CCM Hockey intends to preserve its
high average selling prices. 

Rockport: expanding in the casual lifestyle market
Rockport is a leading global lifestyle footwear brand.  It combines engineered comfort with contemporary design in a
unique and meaningful way by using technologies derived from
the athletic footwear industry.  In 2008,  Rockport has sharpened
its strategy to focus on four key pillars:
—
—
—
—

Globalise brand,  product and distribution
Develop a meaningful women's business
Enhance own retail capability
Develop organisational structure to support growth 
Leveraging the Group's infrastructure (e.g.  in emerging markets) is a core element in Rockport's growth strategy.  By 2010more than 50% of Rockport sales are expected to be generated outside of North America.  From a category perspectiveRockport has major growth initiatives targeted at the metropolitan consumer.  In the women's area,  Rockport will continue
to invest in people to bring new competency in terms of product
creation and design to its organisation.  The brand strives to
connect with different consumer groups through a well-defined
product segmentation and disciplined distribution strategy. 
Part of this strategy is the creation of a new mono-branded
retail concept whose prototype is currently being tested in the
USA.  Following a review of its performance,  and provided it
proves successful,  this will then be rolled out on a more significant scale later in 2009. 
The Rockport brand predominately competes at high and
mid-price points.  To increase competitiveness in these price
segments,  the brand is committed to continuously incorporating advanced technologies into its products.  To this effectRockport will continue to leverage on Group-wide resources
with the continued incorporation of industry-leading technologies such as adidas TORSION® and the first-time inclusion of
adiPRENE® into its products in 2009
see Rockport Products
and Campaigns,  p.  145. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

055

TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy
TaylorMade-adidas Golf's aim is to be the leading performance golf company in the world in
terms of sales and profitability.  It combines
three of golf's most well-known brands:
TaylorMade,  adidas Golf and Ashworth.  All
three brands are dedicated to continuously
developing and commercialising innovativetechnologically advanced products. 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf has established six
strategic priorities: extending its leadership
in metalwoods,  continuing to increase market
share in irons,  maintaining a strong presence in
golf balls,  maximising growth in footwear and
apparel,  further strengthening its distribution
mix and executing aggressive retail initiatives
to drive increased sales. 
Capitalising on the strong market positions of
three well-established brands
TaylorMade-adidas Golf implements a multi-brand strategy comprised of three well-defined golf brands with strong
market positions under one roof.  TaylorMade is the market leader in the metalwoods category,  is among the leaders in irons,  and is steadily evolving into a leader in golf ball
manufacturing.  adidas Golf footwear and apparel sales have
doubled in size during the past five years,  thanks in part to the
brand's focus on technologically infused performance apparel. 
The acquisition of Ashworth adds an authentic golf-inspired
lifestyle brand complementing adidas Golf's position and
increases the segment's presence in the golf apparel market. 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf is committed to further growing its
business in all categories in a profitable way,  by harnessing the
segment's R&D resources,  by leveraging its brand equity and
by expanding the distribution of all three brands. 

Innovation and design focus
TaylorMade-adidas Golf's core objective is to create the best
performance golf products in the marketplace,  and that starts
with a clear commitment to innovation,  technology and leadership on the world's professional golf tours.  The segment strives
to extend its leadership position with a continued focus on innovation and cutting-edge design while introducing at least one
major product innovation or evolution every 12 to 18 months.  In
2008,  for example,  TaylorMade successfully launched two new
innovatively designed high-MOI putters called Monza Spider
and Itsy Bitsy Spider that proved immediately and immensely
popular among Tour professionals,  and which helped double
TaylorMade's putter sales.  In 2009,  the segment will continue
to leverage the terrific success of the Burner® golf club line
with the launch of new Burner® irons
see TaylorMade-adidas
Golf Products and Campaigns,  p.  146,  with the long,  middle and
short irons each designed separately to achieve specific types
of performance.  adidas Golf continues to leverage adidas'
R&D capabilities,  incorporating innovative adidas concepts
and technologies into golf footwear and apparel products to
improve performance,  comfort and durability. 
Extending leadership in metalwoods
Today,  TaylorMade is the clear market leader in metalwoods
(drivers,  fairway woods and hybrids).  The brand is particularly strong in the USA,  where it has forged a 30% share of the
market and a large lead over its strongest competitor. 
This success was driven by TaylorMade's ability to introduce
and commercialise a steady stream of new and innovative
products.  The brand's primary focus going forward is to
remain the innovation leader and expand its metalwood business outside the USA.  This strategy enabled TaylorMade to
gain significant market share in Europe in 2008.  In 2009,  the
launch of the new R9™ driver and fairway woods will serve as a
platform to continue the brand's strong momentum globally.  In
addition to TaylorMade's award-winning Movable Weight Technology™ (MWT®),  the R9™ incorporates the brand's new Flight
Control Technology (FCT)
see TaylorMade-adidas Golf Products
and Campaigns,  p.  146.  The combination of these two technologies adds a new dimension of product customisation,  giving
golfers the power to change the club head's face angle,  loft and
lie angle in addition to changing the location of its centre of
gravity. 
By 2010,  TaylorMade plans to establish a global metalwood
market position that is as strong as what it enjoys in the USAin part by strengthening its promotion partnerships in other
regions (e.g.  new partnerships with Andres Romero of South
America and Ye Yang of Asia). 

056

Group Management Report Our Group 
Structure and Strategy — TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy 
Growing golf ball business by further gaining Tour credibility
Success in this category depends on the ability to create
high-performance golf balls,  bring them to market and build
credibility among Tour professionals.  During the last four
years,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf has restructured its golf ball
business to lay the groundwork for a prosperous future.  This
includes the careful construction of an in-house ball division
fully dedicated to developing high-quality,  technologically
advanced performance products. 
TaylorMade successfully extended its premium TP Red™ and
TP Black™ golf balls in 2008,  upgrading them with a new
technology called Low-Drag Performance (LDP) that improves
driver distance on off-centre hits.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf
Tour Staff professional Sergio Garcia used the TP Red™ LDP
throughout 2008 when he won the PGA Tour's prestigious
Players Championship and rose to No.  2 in the World Golf
Rankings.  TaylorMade is now the second most-played golf ball
brand on the European Tour.  More than 270 Tour professionals around the world are playing the TP Red™ and TP Black™. 
This high level of Tour validation has furthered TaylorMade's
credibility as a golf ball brand among professionals and serious golfers.  Commercially,  this success has fuelled a significant rise in market share,  making TaylorMade the industry's
fastest-growing golf ball brand. 
TaylorMade intends to enhance marketplace acceptance and
sales in the golf ball category by extending TaylorMade
branded offerings,  increasing the number of Tour professionals
using TaylorMade balls and further leveraging the successful
NOODLE franchise,  which focuses on soft-feeling,  longdistance golf balls at a value price. 

Building on adidas Golf's strength in footwear and apparel
adidas Golf's steady commitment to developing great-lookinggreat-feeling and performance-enhancing products has
made it the fastest-growing footwear and apparel brand in
golf during the last three years.  The introduction of industryleading high-performance golf shoes such as the TOUR360the TOUR360 II and the POWERBAND has helped adidas Golf
extend its position as the top-selling footwear brand in Japan
and advance its standing as a strong competitor in the global
golf footwear market.  adidas Golf intends to expand its position in golf footwear in the medium term by further leveraging
adidas' strength in footwear technologies and by building on
its successful TOUR360 and POWERBAND franchises. 
In apparel,  adidas Golf positions itself as the most innovative performance brand in the game by utilising adidas
CLIMACOOL®,  CLIMACOOL® Motion,  CLIMA Compression and
CLIMAPROOF® technologies in adidas Golf apparel products. 
adidas Golf was the first major brand to incorporate technologies like these into golf apparel,  making the brand the clear
leader in technological innovation.  adidas Golf is committed to
growing its apparel business by continuing to incorporate leading adidas apparel technologies into golf products,  a strategy
that will help the brand achieve global market leadership in the
category in the medium term.  Also,  the integration of adidas
Golf and Ashworth has extended the segment's distribution
capability from over 4000 to 5000 green grass retail accountscreating further distribution potential for adidas Golf. 
Authenticity through Ashworth
The acquisition of Ashworth presents TaylorMade-adidas Golf
with a unique opportunity to establish a lifestyle business. 
Through the combination of adidas Golf and Ashworth,  the
segment is now the leading manufacturer in the golf apparel
market.  The acquisition allows adidas Golf to sharpen its
focus and leadership in performance apparel,  while under
its new multi-brand approach Ashworth can be refocused to
golf lifestyle.  Its roots in golf and authenticity as a golf brand
provide a key differentiator from other golf lifestyle brands. 
From a product perspective,  the brand will primarily focus
on extending its leadership in functional cotton products that
deliver a modern look and will prioritise the men's segment.  In
line with TaylorMade-adidas Golf's strategy,  Ashworth will also
seek to build Tour visibility and credibility utilising partners
such as Tour professional Fred Couples.  While maintaining two
distinct brands,  to maximise the commercial opportunity of the
acquisition,  all operating and go-to-market functions have
been fully integrated to take advantage of operational and fixed
cost synergies. 

Marketing excellence as a key success factor
Well-coordinated and consumer-relevant marketing is paramount to attaining sustainable market leadership.  To achieve
that,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf has combined product marketingbrand communication and retail marketing into one fullyintegrated global marketing team.  This team uses a variety
of strong marketing tools to achieve its objectives.  Product
launches are followed by point-of-sale support,  in-store communication and customer flow management support (e.g. 
assistance in reducing waiting times for consumers) to drive
product sell-through.  Likewise,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf's leadership and presence on the world's major professional golf
tours is imperative to increasing brand traction among consumers.  A multitude of prominent Tour professionals wear and
play TaylorMade-adidas Golf products,  including Kenny PerryRetief Goosen,  Sean O'Hair,  Darren Clarke,  Natalie GulbisNick Faldo,  Mike Weir,  Andres Romero,  Fred Funk and global
golf icon Sergio Garcia,  with the logos of the brands clearly
displayed on their bags,  hats,  apparel and footwear.  Furtherefficient product lifecycle management plays an important role
in helping TaylorMade-adidas Golf achieve optimal marketplace results.  In summary,  marketing expertise and excellence
are critical tools that TaylorMade-adidas Golf uses to drive
sustainable growth. 

Further extending and segmenting distribution
TaylorMade-adidas Golf works with retail partners that possess
the skills to effectively showcase the performance advantages
of TaylorMade,  adidas Golf and Ashworth products.  Core channels include green grass retailers,  off-course golf specialty
retailers and sporting goods retail formats with golf-specific
departments.  Focusing on strategic and key accounts (golf
specialty and sporting goods retailers) in the distribution mix
allows TaylorMade-adidas Golf to position its clubs,  balls,  footwear and apparel among the top-selling golf products in these
retail channels. 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf will continue to work closely with its
strategic accounts in 2009 and plans to increase its efforts to
extend brand presence at smaller retailers and on-course golf
shops,  where great opportunities exist.  To support growth and
at the same time avoid overexposure to certain accounts or
an oversupply in the market,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf pursues
 selective distribution strategy based on a clear segmentation of its product offering at retail.  The company also utilises
existing adidas infrastructure,  particularly own-retail stores,  to
distribute adidas Golf products and drive growth in emerging
markets. 
Pricing strategy reflects brand positioning
TaylorMade-adidas Golf's pricing policy mirrors the positioning
of its three brands.  As a result,  TaylorMade's pricing strategy is
to dominate the market at premium price points and compete
aggressively in the high-volume mid-price segment.  adidas
Golf supports its market reputation as the innovation leader
by selling its products primarily at premium price points. 
Ashworth positions products in the mid- and premium-price
categories,  and focuses on distribution through golf specialists.  Market share expansion,  particularly in golf equipmentis driven mainly by the ability to deliver best-in-class lines
of products at multiple price points.  In 2008,  two examples
of TaylorMade-adidas Golf's success with this strategy are
the Burner® (medium price) and r7® Limited (premium price)
drivers,  and the POWERBAND (medium price) and TOUR360
Limited (high price) footwear. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

057

Internal Group Management System
The adidas Group's central planning and controlling system is designed to continually
increase the value of our Group and brands to
maximise shareholder value.  By improving
our top- and bottom-line performance and
optimising the use of invested capital,  we aim to
maximise free cash flow generation.  This is our
principal goal for increasing shareholder value. 
Management utilises a variety of decisionmaking tools to assess our current performance and to align future strategic and
investment decisions to best utilise commercial and organisational opportunities. 

Free cash flow as Internal Group Management focus
The cornerstone of our Group's Internal Management System
is our focus on free cash flow generation,  which we believe is
the most important driver to sustain and increase shareholder
value.  Free cash flow is comprised of operating components
(operating profit,  change in operating working capital and
capital expenditure) as well as non-operating components such
as financial expenses and taxes.  To maximise free cash flow
generation across our multi-brand organisation,  brand management has direct responsibility for improving operating profit
as well as optimising operating working capital and capital
expenditure.  Non-operating items such as financial expenses
and taxes are managed centrally by the Group Treasury and
Taxes departments.  To keep Group and brand management
focused on long-term performance improvements,  a portion
of the responsible managers' total compensation is variable
and linked to a combination of operating profit,  operating
working capital development,  Group earnings before taxes,  or
relative /absolute stock price performance. 
Operating margin as key performance indicator
of operational progress
Operating margin (defined as operating profit as a percentage of net sales) is our Group's most important measure of
operational success.  It highlights the quality of our top line and
operational efficiency. 

058

Group Management Report Our Group 
Structure and Strategy — Internal Group Management System 
Free cash flow components 
Operating profit 
Operating working capital
Free
cash flow
Capital expenditure 
1)

Non-operating components 
1) Excluding acquisitions and finance leases. 

The primary drivers central to enhancing operating margin are:
— Sales and gross margin development: Management focuses
on identifying and exploiting opportunities that not only provide
for future growth,  but also have potential to increase gross
margin (defined as gross profit as a percentage of net sales). 
Major levers for sustaining and enhancing our Group's sales
and gross margin include optimising our product mix,  increasing the quality of distribution with a particular focus on controlled space as well as supply chain efficiency initiatives,  and
the minimisation of clearance activities. 
— Operating expense control: We put high emphasis on tightly
controlling operating expenses to leverage the Group's sales
growth through to the bottom line.  This requires a particular
focus on ensuring flexibility in the Group's cost base.  Marketing working budget is our largest operating expense.  It is one
of the most important mechanisms for driving top-line growth. 
Therefore,  we are committed to improving the utilisation of our
marketing spend.  This includes concentrating our communication efforts (including advertising,  retail presentation and
public relations) on key global brand initiatives and focusing
our promotion spend on well-selected partnerships with top
events,  leagues,  clubs and athletes.  We also aim to increase
operational efficiency and reduce operating overhead expenses
as a percentage of sales.  In this respect we constantly review
our operational structure streamlining business processeseliminating redundancies and leveraging the scale of our
organisation.  These measures may also be supplemented by
short-term initiatives such as temporarily curtailing operational investments,  for example staff hiring. 
We strive to maximise revenues and minimise costs by detailed
target setting,  and we constantly monitor deviations in rolling
forecasts on a monthly basis.  If necessary,  action plans are
implemented to optimise the development of the Group's operating performance. 

Key financial metrics 
Gross margin 
Operating margin 
Gross profit 




Average operating
working capital 


Operating working capital
in % of net sales 


Operating profit
Net sales 
× 100

× 100

Sum of operating working
capital at quarter-end


Average operating
working capital 


Capital expenditure 1)

Net sales 
Net sales 
Additions of propertyplant and equipment plus
intangible assets 
1) Excluding acquisitions and finance leases. 

Optimisation of non-operating components
Our Group also puts a high priority on the optimisation of nonoperating components such as financial expenses and taxesas these items strongly impact the Group's cash outflows and
therefore the Group's free cash flow.  Financial expenses are
managed centrally by our Group Treasury department
see
Treasury,  p.  093.  The Group's current and future tax expenditures
are optimised globally by our Group Taxes department. 

× 100

Tight operating working capital management
Due to a comparatively low level of fixed assets required in our
business,  the efficiency of the Group's balance sheet depends
to a large degree on our operating working capital management.  Our key metric is operating working capital as a percentage of net sales.  Monitoring the development of this key metric
facilitates the measurement of our progress in improving the
efficiency of our business cycle.  We have significantly enhanced
working capital management over recent years through
continuous improvement of our Group's inventories,  accounts
receivable and accounts payable. 
We strive to manage our inventory levels to meet market
demand and ensure fast replenishment.  Inventory ageing is
controlled to reduce inventory obsolescence and to optimise
clearance activities.  As a result,  stock turn development is the
key performance indicator as it measures the number of times
average inventory is sold during a year,  highlighting the efficiency of capital locked up in products in relation to our Group's
business.  To minimise capital tied up in accounts receivablewe strive to continuously improve collection efforts in order to
reduce the Days of Sales Outstanding (DSO) and improve the
ageing of accounts receivable.  Likewise,  we strive to continuously optimise payment terms with our suppliers to best manage our accounts payable. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

059

Capital expenditure targeted to maximise future returns
Improving the effectiveness of the Group's capital expenditure
is another lever to maximise the Group's free cash flow.  Our
capital expenditure is controlled with a top-down,  bottom-up
approach: In a first step,  Group Management defines focus
areas and an overall investment budget based on investment
requests by brand management.  Our operating units then
align their initiatives within the scope of assigned priorities
and available budget.  We evaluate potential return on planned
investments utilising the net present value.  Risk is accounted
for,  adding a risk premium to the cost of capital and decreasing
future revenue streams where appropriate.  By means of scenario planning,  the sensitivity of investment returns is tested
against changes in initial assumptions.  For large investment
projects,  timelines and deviations versus budget are monitored
on a monthly basis throughout the course of the project. 

 & A activities focus on long-term value creation potential
We see the majority of our Group's future growth opportunities in our organic business.  However,  as part of our commitment to ensuring sustainable profitable development we
regularly review merger and acquisition options that may
provide additional commercial and operational opportunities. 
Acquisitive growth focus is primarily related to improving our
Group's positioning within a sports category,  strengthening our
technology portfolio or addressing new consumer segments. 
The strategies and business culture of any potential acquisition candidate must correspond with the Group's direction and
culture.  Maximising return on invested capital above the cost of
capital is a core consideration in our decision-making process. 
Of particular importance is evaluating the potential impact on
our Group's free cash flow.  We assess current and future projected key financial metrics to evaluate a target's contribution
potential.  In addition,  careful consideration is given to potential
financing needs and their impact on the Group's financial
leverage. 
Cost of capital metric used to measure investment potential
Creating value for our shareholders by earning a return on
invested capital above the cost of that capital is a guiding
principle of our Group strategy.  We source capital from equity
and debt markets.  Therefore,  we have a responsibility that our
return on capital meets the expectations of both equity shareholders and creditors.  Our Group calculates the cost of capital
utilising the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) formula. 
This metric allows us to calculate the minimum required financial returns of planned capital investments.  The cost of equity
is computed utilising the risk-free rate,  market risk premium
and beta.  Cost of debt is calculated using the risk-free ratecredit spread and average tax rate. 

060

Group Management Report Our Group 
Structure and Strategy — Internal Group Management System 
Structured performance measurement system
Our Group has developed an extensive performance measurement system,  which utilises a variety of tools to measure the
performance of the adidas Group and our brand segments. 
The Group's key financial metrics are monitored and compared against budget on a monthly basis.  Focus is on free cash
flow,  sales,  operating margin and operating working capital
development.  When negative deviations exist between actual
and target numbers,  we perform a detailed analysis to identify
and address the cause.  We also benchmark our Group's and
brands' financial results with those of our major competitors
on a quarterly basis.  To assess current sales and profitability
development,  Management analyses sell-through information from our controlled space distribution as well as shortterm replenishment orders from retailers.  Taking into account
year-to-date performance as well as opportunities and risksthe Group's full year financial performance is forecasted on a
quarterly basis.  In this respect,  backlogs comprising orders
received up to nine months in advance of the actual sale are
used as an indicator.  However,  due to the growing share of own
retail in our business mix as well as fluctuating order patterns
among retailers,  our brands' order books are less indicative
of anticipated revenues compared to the past.  As a result of
the growing share of at-once business,  qualitative feedback
from our retail partners on the success of our collections at
the point-of-sale is becoming even more important.  As an
early indicator for future performance,  we also conduct market
research to measure brand appeal,  brand awareness and
resulting purchase intent. 

Management appraisal of performance and targets
We communicate our Group's financial targets on an annual
basis.  We also provide updates throughout the year as appropriate.  In 2008,  we achieved or exceeded all key financial
targets we had set for the Group except for net borrowingswhich surpassed the prior year level.  We outperformed macroeconomic and global industry growth
see Economic and
Sector Development,  p.  080,  improved Group gross and operating
margins and increased earnings per share at a double-digit
rate. 
By segment,  development at adidas and TaylorMade-adidas
Golf exceeded our initial sales expectations while the Reebok
segment performed below initial expectations.  At Reeboksales increases in the emerging markets,  particularly in Asia
and in Eastern Europe,  were more than offset by lower than
anticipated revenues in North America and the UK. 
Our expectations for Group business performance in 2009
reflect the deterioration of the global economy towards the end
of 2008 and at the beginning of 2009.  We expect the recessionary environment in many major markets to have a significant
negative impact on our Group's financial performance in 2009resulting in declines in both Group sales and earnings per
share.  The degree of the decline in earnings per share will also
depend on the development of exchange rates.  In 2010,  assuming an improving global economy,  we are confident to increase
sales and earnings per share compared to 2009.  We believe
our outlook is realistic within the scope of the current trading
environment.  Compared to prior years,  however,  it entails a
higher degree of uncertainty.  No material event between the
end of 2008 and the publication of this report has altered our
see Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  120. 
view 
Targets versus actual key metrics 
2007
Actual 
2008
Initial Target 
2008
Actual 
2009
Outlook 
7%

high-singledigit increase 
9%

adidas segment sales (currency-neutral)

12%

high-singledigit increase 
14%

Reebok segment sales (currency-neutral)

0%

low- to midsingle-digit
increase
mid-singledigit increase 
(2%)

low- to midsingle-digit
decline
low- to midsingle-digit
decline
at least
stable 
7%

low-singledigit increase 
Group sales (currency-neutral)

TaylorMade-adidas Golf segment sales (currency-neutral)

9% 1)

Group gross margin
adidas segment gross margin
Reebok segment gross margin
TaylorMade-adidas Golf segment gross margin 
474%
474%
387%
447%

475 to 48%
increase
increase
increase 
487%
486%
370%
443%

decline 
Group net other operating expenses and income (in % of sales)
adidas segment net other operating expenses and income (in % of sales)
Reebok segment net other operating expenses and income (in % of sales)
TaylorMade-adidas Golf segment net other operating expenses and income (in % of sales)

392%
356%
358%
344%

increase
increase
increase
increase 
396%
356%
387%
321%

increase 
Group operating margin
adidas segment operating margin
Reebok segment operating margin
TaylorMade-adidas Golf segment operating margin 
92%
129%
47%
81%

at least 95%
increase
increase
increase 
99%
140%
(03%)
96%

decline 
Net income growth (attributable to shareholders)
Operating working capital (in % of net sales)

14%
252%

at least 15%
further
reduction
300 400
maintain
2007 level
or reduce 
16%
245%

decline
further
reduction
300 400
reduction 
Capital expenditure (€ in million) 2)
Net debt (€ in million)

289
1766

380
2189

1) On a like-for-like basis,  excluding prior year sales related to the Greg Norman Collection wholesale business which was divested in November 2006. 
2) Excluding acquisitions and finance leases. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

061

Major locations and promotion partnerships
The adidas Group sells products in virtually
every country around the world.  As at December 31,  2008,  the Group had 190 subsidiaries
worldwide with our headquarters located in
Herzogenaurach,  Germany.  Our Group has
also assembled an unparalleled portfolio of
promotion partnerships around the worldincluding sports associations,  events,  teams
and individual athletes.  Our Group's most
important locations and upcoming sporting
events are highlighted on the world map. 

Major locations 
Promotion partnerships 
Europe
01 adidas Group Headquarters 
 IHF Men's World Championship,  Croatia
January 16 February 1,  2009

Herzogenaurach,  Germany 
02 Reebok Europe
Amsterdam,  Netherlands 
adidas Official Partner of International Handball Federation 
 NHL All-Star Game,  Montreal/Quebec,  Canada
January 25,  2009
Reebok-CCM Hockey Exclusive Licensee of National Hockey League 
03 TaylorMade-adidas Golf Europe
Basingstoke,  UK

04 adidas International Trading 
 NFL Super Bowl,  Tampa/Florida,  USA
February 1,  2009

Amsterdam,  Netherlands 
05 adidas International Marketing
Amsterdam,  Netherlands 
Reebok Official Outfitter of National Football League 
 NBA All-Star Game,  Phoenix/Arizona,  USA
February 15,  2009
adidas Official Outfitter of National Basketball Association 
North America
06 adidas North America 
 Boston Marathon,  Boston/Massachusetts,  USA
April 20,  2009

Portland/Oregon,  USA

07 Reebok International Headquarters
Canton/Massachusetts,  USA

adidas Official Apparel and Footwear Outfitter 
 Flora London Marathon,  London,  UK
April 26,  2009
adidas Official Sponsor 
08 The Rockport Company Headquarters
Canton/Massachusetts,  USA

09 Reebok–CCM Hockey Headquarters 
 French Open,  Paris,  France
May 24 June 7,  2009

Montreal/Quebec,  Canada 
10 TaylorMade-adidas Golf Headquarters
Carlsbad/California,  USA

adidas Official Partner of Roland Garros 
 UEFA Champions League Final,  Rome,  Italy
May 27,  2009
adidas Official Ball Supplier for UEFA Champions League 
11 Sports Licensed Division Headquarters
Canton/Massachusetts,  USA

Asia
12 adidas Group Asia
Hong Kong,  China 
13 TaylorMade-adidas Golf Asia
Tokyo,  Japan 
14 adidas Sourcing
Hong Kong,  China 
Latin America
15 adidas Group Latin America
Panama City,  Panama 


ICC World Twenty20,  UK
June 5 21,  2009
adidas Official Supplier of Australia and England cricket teams 
 FIFA Confederations Cup,  South Africa
June 14 28,  2009
adidas Official Partner of Fédération Internationale de Football
Association 
 MLB All-Star Game,  St.  Louis/Missouri,  USA
July 14,  2009
Reebok Official Licensee of Major League Baseball fan and lifestyle
apparel and Official Authentic Collection Footwear Supplier 
 IAAF World Championships,  Berlin,  Germany
August 15 23,  2009
adidas Official Sponsor of International Association of Athletics
Federations 
 real, Berlin Marathon,  Berlin,  Germany
September 20,  2009
adidas Official Partner 
062

Group Management Report Our Group 
Structure and Strategy — Major Locations and Promotion Partnerships 

NHL All-Star GameMontreal/Quebec,  Canada 

Boston MarathonBoston/Massachusetts,  USA


ICC World Twenty20UK


French OpenParis,  France 

real, Berlin MarathonBerlin,  Germany 

IAAF World Championships,  Berlin,  Germany 
02,  04,  05

06

03

09

01
13

07,  0811
10

12,  14


NBA All-Star GamePhoenix /Arizona,  USA


MLB All-Star GameSt.  Louis /Missouri,  USA

15


Flora London MarathonLondon,  UK


NFL Super BowlTampa / Florida,  USA


IHF Men's World Championship,  Croatia 

FIFA Confederations CupSouth Africa 

UEFA Champions League
Final,  Rome,  Italy 
adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

063

Global Operations 
Suppliers by region 1)

The adidas Group's Global Operations function
coordinates the development,  commercialisation,  manufacturing and distribution of the
majority of our products and leads the Group's
efforts in supply chain improvement.  Our products are almost entirely manufactured by independent suppliers,  primarily located in Asia. 
Global Operations continually strives to increase
cost efficiency throughout our supply chain,  to
ensure consistently high product quality and to
further improve our delivery performance.  In
2008,  Global Operations focused on five key
initiatives to optimise processes in our supply
chain,  each of which will be further built upon
in 2009. 

Americas 
Europe 
Asia 
Footwear production by region 1)

Americas 
97%

Group Management Report Our Group 
1%

Europe 
2%

1) Figures only include adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf. 

Footwear production 1)
in million pairs
2006
2007
2008
1) Figures only include adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf. 

064

13%

74%

1) Figures include adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf,  but exclude local sourcing
partners,  sourcing agents,  subcontractors,  second tier suppliers and licensee
factories. 

Asia 
Independent partners producing most of our goods
To minimise production costs,  we outsource over 95% of production to independent third-party manufacturers,  primarily
located in Asia.  These suppliers possess excellent expertise
in cost-efficient high-volume production of footwear,  apparel
and accessories.  A list of our suppliers is regularly updated
www, adidas-Group, com /
and can be found on our website
en /sustainability/suppliersandworkers.  We provide our suppliers with detailed specifications for production and delivery. 
However,  our Group also operates a very limited number of
own production and assembly sites in Germany (1),  Sweden
(1),  Finland (1),  the USA (4),  Canada (4),  China (1) and Japan
(1).  In order to ensure the high quality consumers expect from
our products,  we enforce strict control and inspection procedures at our suppliers and in our own factories.  In additionwe promote adherence to social and environmental standards
throughout our supply chain
see Sustainability,  p.  067. 

13%

Corporate Functions — Global Operations 
200
201
221

Continued consolidation of manufacturing partners
In 2008,  Global Operations worked with 300 independent
manufacturing partners.  This represents a 20% reduction
compared to the prior year and is a result of further rationalisation of our supplier base.  This is mainly due to the completion of the Reebok apparel build programme,  in which we
phased out Reebok's former sourcing agents and replaced
them with existing suppliers in the adidas Group sourcing network.  This number excludes local sourcing partners of Group
subsidiaries,  sourcing agents,  subcontractors,  second tier suppliers and factories of our licensees.  Of our independent manufacturing partners,  74% were located in Asia,  13% were located
in Europe and 13% in the Americas.  29% of all suppliers were
located in China.  Our Global Operations function manages
product development,  commercialisation and distribution,  and
also supervises sourcing of the adidas,  Reebok and adidas
Golf brands.  Due to different sourcing requirements in their
respective fields of business,  Rockport,  Reebok-CCM Hockeythe Sports Licensed Division and TaylorMade are not serviced
through Global Operations but instead utilise their own purchasing organisations.  In order to quickly seize short-term
opportunities in their local market or react to trade regulations,  Group subsidiaries may also source from local suppliers outside the realm of Global Operations.  Local purchaseshowever,  account only for a minor portion of the Group's total
sourcing volume. 
Decrease in China share of footwear production
97% of our total 2008 footwear volume for adidas,  Reebok
and adidas Golf was produced in Asia (2007: 96%).  Production in Europe and the Americas combined accounted for
3% of the sourcing volume (2007: 4%).  China represents our
largest sourcing country with approximately 44% of the total
volume,  followed by Vietnam with 31% and Indonesia with
18%.  The only significant change versus the prior year was
 5 percentage point reduction in the overall representation
of China in our sourcing mix.  This is part of our strategy to
increase the regional diversity of our supplier base to meet
the ongoing needs of our business.  However,  while volume
share decreased,  in absolute terms volume produced in China
remained almost stable compared to the prior year.  In 2008our footwear suppliers produced approximately 221 million
pairs of shoes (2007: approx.  201 million pairs).  The year-overyear increase was solely attributable to a higher sourcing volume at adidas while footwear purchases at Reebok declined. 
Our largest footwear factory produced approximately 11% of the
footwear sourcing volume (2007: 11%). 

Rockport purchased approximately 9 million pairs of footwear
in 2008,  which represents a decrease of 17% versus the prior
year.  Products were primarily sourced from factories in China
(72%),  Vietnam (17%),  Indonesia (8%) and Brazil (3%).  The largest factory accounted for 25% of the total sourcing volume of
the Rockport brand. 

Apparel production by region 1)

Asia 
Volume of apparel production increases
In 2008,  we sourced 83% of the total apparel volume for
adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf from Asia (2007: 82%).  The
higher proportion of Asian-sourced apparel was attributable to continued sales growth in Asia,  which in turn required
higher sourcing volumes from the region.  Europe remained
the second largest apparel sourcing region,  representing 12%
of the volume (2007: 13%).  The Americas accounted for 5% of
the volume (2007: 5%).  China was the largest source country,  representing 36% of the produced volume,  followed by
Thailand with 14% and Indonesia with 10%.  The only significant change compared to the prior year was in China whose
overall representation increased 5 percentage points due to
the strong growth in apparel sales in that market in 2008.  In
total,  our suppliers produced approximately 284 million units
of apparel in 2008 (2007: approx.  252 million units).  The largest
apparel factory produced approximately 10% of this apparel
volume in 2008 (2007: 12%).  In addition,  Reebok-CCM Hockey
sourced around 3 million units of apparel (game wear,  jerseys
and headwear) in 2008.  The vast majority of this volume was
also produced in Asia,  while small portions were sourced from
the Americas (particularly Canada) and Europe.  The Sports
Licensed Division sourced approximately 22 million units of
apparel and 17 million units of headwear (2007: 21 million and
18 million,  respectively).  The majority of purchased apparel
products was sourced as unfinished goods from Central
America (58%) and Asia (10%),  and was subsequently finished
in our own screen-printing facilities in the USA.  On the other
hand,  the majority of headwear sourced was finished products
manufactured in Asia (97%) and the USA (3%). 

5%

Americas 
83%

Europe 
12%

TaylorMade and Reebok-CCM Hockey sourced 93% and 75% of
their hardware volumes from Asia,  respectively (2007: 92% and
70%).  In addition,  both brands sourced a small portion of hardware products in the Americas.  At TaylorMade,  the majority of
golf club components were manufactured by suppliers in China
and assembled by TaylorMade in the USA,  China and Japan. 

1) Figures only include adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf. 

Apparel production 1)
in million units
2006

Unchanged vision: closest to every consumer
The vision of Global Operations is to be closest to every consumer.  This means meeting consumer demand in various
distribution channels with the right product (in terms of qualitysize,  colour,  style and material) in the right store at the right
time. 

225

2007

252

2008

284

1) Figures only include adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf. 

Hardware production by region 1)

Europe 
Asia 
98%

Approximately 65% of adidas and Reebok branded
hardware produced in China
In 2008,  the vast majority (i, e.  98%) of adidas and Reebok
branded hardware products,  such as balls and bags,  was also
produced in Asia (2007: 96%).  China remained our largest
source country,  accounting for 65% of the sourced volumefollowed by Vietnam with 21% and Pakistan with 10%.  The
remaining 4% was sourced via other Asian and European countries.  The total 2008 hardware sourcing volume was approximately 42 million units (2007: approx.  39 million units) with the
largest factory accounting for 30% of production. 

2%

In 2008,  we had further evidence of the success of our effortsmost visibly with the Beijing Olympic Games.  In total,  we
shipped 29 million units,  with many produced on very short
leadtimes (e.g.  more than 210000 in less than seven days). 
The flexibility of our supply chain even allowed us to successfully replenish 300000 units that were unplanned,  sometimes
in as little as nine days after order placement.  We achieved
similar levels of service to our customers during the UEFA
EURO 2008™ tournament and the UEFA Champions League
final.  Our ability to deliver on short leadtimes and continuous
replenishment needs during large,  global events such as these
shows that we are moving closer to realising our vision. 

1) Figures only include adidas and Reebok. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

065

Focus on five initiatives
Global Operations continues to focus on five key initiatives to
optimise processes in our supply chain:
— Replenishment: Providing high availability of products to
our customers while minimising our inventory of finished
goods. 
— End-to-End Profitability: Identifying our key cost and
profitability drivers and their interrelationships to optimise
decision-making. 
— Adaptive Supply Network: Enhancing the flexibility of both
our sourcing and logistics functions to address quickchanging market needs. 
— End-to-End Planning: Optimising our Group-wide demand
and supply planning activities to create more efficienttransparent and cross-functionally interlinked processes. 
— Accelerated Creation to Shelf: Building capabilities and
technology that drive faster and more efficient product
creation to enhance the Group's top- and bottom-line
growth. 
Further improvements in short production leadtimes
Our Replenishment programme is essential to support the
growth of own retail and Group-controlled retail space
see
Group Strategy,  p.  046.  This year we further improved our short
production leadtime model with enhanced forecasting and
material planning processes.  This also helped to control costs
by reducing risk on material leftovers by about 70%.  Furthermore,  we started to develop a more retail-friendly set of fulfilment models,  which we will build upon in 2009. 

066

Group Management Report Our Group 
Transparency and predictability in costing increased
In 2008,  we faced significant pressure on input costs,  and our
End-to-End Profitability efforts were focused on mitigating
those pressures.  Internally,  we engineered products differently with a better appreciation for cost.  We continued to meet
regularly with our suppliers to increase transparency and
predictability in costing.  For example,  we tracked raw material costs and used that information to consolidate volumes
and negotiate more effectively which helped to offset cost
increases.  In addition,  our Sourcing teams improved our
allocation process to better align with suppliers' capabilities
and take into account total supply chain costs (e.g.  time to
market,  trade restrictions). 
Significant infrastructure implementations
We made significant upgrades to our infrastructure in 2008
as part of our Adaptive Supply Network initiative.  We consolidated our network of distribution centres and upgraded
facilities.  The most notable improvements were our new sites
in Manchester,  UK and Spartanburg /South Carolina,  USA. 
These multi-brand distribution centres represent a further step
in the integration of Reebok into the Group's infrastructure. 
They are state-of-the-art and designed to support the future
growth of our brands and new demands of our own-retail
business.  Warehousing will again be a priority in 2009,  with
the completion of the US footwear facility in Spartanburg and
also the commencement of planning for a new multi-branded
distribution centre in Russia. 
We also improved our process and IT system infrastructure
in 2008 to bring increased flexibility to our supply chain.  One
example is our new Global Procurement System (GPS),  a
SAP-based system for purchase order management which
harmonises and simplifies the ordering process and enables
us to better react to market changes.  GPS is the largest SAP
implementation ever undertaken by the adidas Group,  and
already replaces four major legacy systems within the Group. 
It was implemented for the adidas brand in 2008 and will be
rolled out to the Reebok brand by 2010.  Another example within
the Adaptive Supply Network programme is the expansion of
our trading platform in Amsterdam,  which brings together our
key supply chain functions across all brands,  thus enabling
better visibility,  more control and improved risk management
capabilities across our supply chain. 

Corporate Functions — Global Operations — Sustainability 
Complexity reduced in planning process
Our End-to-End Planning initiatives focused this year on implementing an optimised demand planning process and system to
19 countries in Europe.  We standardised and partly automated
certain planning steps,  with the intention of increasing forecast
accuracy.  After the initial implementation in 2008 for brand
adidas,  we will continue to roll this platform out to all European
countries for adidas and Reebok in 2009. 
Creation to shelf timelines cut
We expanded our Accelerated Creation to Shelf initiative in
2008 to bring more products onto shortened creation calendars.  We have introduced key acceleration initiatives,  including
process simplifications and an increasing use of virtual prototyping technology,  at our creation centres around the world. 
These initiatives have already impacted timelines,  for example
with a 25% reduction in the creation timeline of the Portland
creation centre.  This represents a significant change in our
business,  with nearly 60% of our Sport Performance products
on these shortened timelines. 

Sustainability
The adidas Group must manage wide-ranging
commercial and competitive pressures to
deliver growth.  Simultaneously,  we have a
responsibility towards our employees and the
environment,  to ensure that decent working
conditions and environmental standards are
met throughout our global organisation and
supply chain.  We always strive to manage both
our own activities and our supply chain responsibly and to reduce our environmental impact. 
Moreover,  we believe that acting as good corporate citizens will improve our corporate reputation and hence our economic value,  helping
us to be a sustainable company. 
Active engagement with stakeholders
At the adidas Group,  we pursue a policy of open dialogue with
our numerous stakeholders,  involving them in key social and
environmental decisions that shape our day-to-day operations. 
Through in-depth engagement with the Better Cotton Initiative
and the AFIRM Working Group,  we work closely with leading
companies from a variety of sectors to develop sustainable
business approaches and to debate social and environmental
topics on a global level.  This is also supported by our membership in organisations such as the World Business Council
for Sustainable Development (WBCSD),  the World Federation
of the Sporting Goods Industry (WFSGI),  the Fair Factories
Clearinghouse (FFC) and the Fair Labor Association (FLA).  In
addition,  we always strive to report in an open and transparent
way.  Comprehensive information on the Group's sustainability
programme is provided in our 2008 Social and Environmental
www.  adidas-Group, com /
Online Report on our website
sustainability. 

Workplace Standards set rules in supply chain
Covering health and safety,  labour rights and environmental
protection at our own sites and our suppliers' factories is of
highest importance to us.  Therefore,  we have defined rules
or standards by our own corporate values as well as by what
society expects of global businesses.  We have condensed our
rules into a supplier code of conduct that we call our 'Workplace Standards".  These are based on International Labour
Organization (ILO) and UN conventions relating to human rights
and employment practices,  and they follow the WFSGI model
code of conduct.  Our Workplace Standards contain clear rules
of conduct regarding:
— Environmentally sound,  safe and healthy working
conditions
— Fair wages and benefits
— Freedom of association
— Prohibition of excessive overtime,  forced and child labour
— Protection against harassment and discrimination
These Standards help us select manufacturing partners and
serve as guiding principles in the early identification and treatment of potential issues of concern at our suppliers' sites.  To
illustrate how suppliers should implement our Standards,  we
have created a set of guidelines for use in factory settingswhich we update on a regular basis.  The guidelines are also
used by our Social and Environmental Affairs (SEA) team to
determine suppliers' compliance with our Standards and to
advise and train our suppliers in improving their social and
environmental performance. 
Careful supplier selection
To improve working conditions throughout our supply chainour Group SEA team works closely with the Global Operations
function on supplier selection.  The SEA team assesses all
potential new suppliers and orders can only be placed with a
new supplier when SEA approval has been granted. 

Encouraging self-governance
Good management systems help factories improve their dayto-day operations and support the process of internalisation
and self-governance.  Therefore,  we support our core business
partners in establishing management systems with internationally recognised standards such as ISO 14001 for quality and
environmental management.  By running a certified management system,  our suppliers demonstrate commitment to continuously enhancing their performance.  We help them build or
improve human resources systems to maintain proper working
conditions,  including factory grievance systems to routinely find
and fix non-compliance issues.  Further,  by enforcing employment standards at our suppliers' sites,  we empower workers
to protect their own rights and take an active role in decisionmaking. 
In 2008,  our Group's supply base included 20 athletic footwear
suppliers' factories,  which were OHSAS 18000 and /or ISO
14001 certified.  These factories produced around 73% of our
footwear sourcing volume. 
Training to achieve sustainable compliance
To achieve long-term sustainable compliance in the supply
chain,  we consider training even more important than monitoring and policing factories.  Our SEA team offers specific
training courses and workshops for factory supervisors and
managers to help them apply our Standards and implement
best practices.  These workshops include,  for example,  introductory training on our Workplace Standards and SEA operating guidelines,  detailed training on effective health,  safety
and environmental practices as well as training in the correct
application of rating and compliance planning tools and supplier self-assessment methods.  Further,  we promote the
establishment of sustainable structures that actively involve
workers and management of our suppliers as well as local
employee associations and non-governmental organisations
(NGOs).  The team also organises workshops for licenseesagents and adidas Group business entities in order to build
personnel capacities throughout our company.  In this wayacceptable working conditions become a routine part of business activities.  In 2008,  the SEA team conducted 251 training
sessions and workshops (2007: 267). 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

067

Monitoring through factory inspections
The SEA team assesses compliance with our Workplace
Standards by means of factory inspections.  We apply innovative
monitoring approaches such as deeper and more frequent
monitoring of fewer suppliers in our core supply chain than in
previous years.  This allows us to rigorously assess compliance
risks and to identify the root causes of non-compliance.  Our
auditors check performance against a customised risk list for
each factory that is monitored.  The methodology is linked to
 factory rating which measures the effectiveness of compliance systems and the work of their administrators.  This
enables us to precisely determine training needs at our suppliers' factories.  During 2008,  we conducted 1323 factory
visits (2007: 1007 visits) involving management and worker
interviews,  document review,  facility inspections and training
sessions at different levels in our supply chain.  In addition to
our own monitoring activities,  we value independent assessment by third parties to demonstrate the credibility of and
provide verified information about our programme to stakeholders.  As a member of the Fair Labor Association (FLA),  the
adidas Group is subject to external assessment by independent
monitors,  participation in the FLA third-party complaint system
and public reporting.  In 2007,  the adidas Group assumed a role
as one FLA participating company as a combined entity (including Reebok).  In 2008,  the consolidated monitoring programme
of the adidas Group was again accredited by the FLA for a
period of two years.  This review was based on independent
factory monitoring and verification reports of supplier facilities,  and a thorough audit of monitoring protocols,  training
programmes and auditing systems.  Since joining the FLAmore than 220 Independent External Monitoring (IEM) audits
and verification visits have been conducted at adidas Group
suppliers. 

068

Group Management Report Our Group 
Warning-letter system to enforce standards
We strongly believe in a partnership approach.  Where a supplier is performing poorly in terms of Workplace Standards
compliance,  we will work closely with them to find solutions. 
However,  when we find ongoing and serious instances of noncompliance and a lack of commitment from factory management to address the issues,  we send out a formal warning
letter including a notification to factory management that their
business relationship with the adidas Group is in jeopardy.  For
threshold compliance issues,  three warning letters will usually
result in an immediate recommendation to terminate.  We see
termination of business relationships as a last resort.  Whenever possible,  we prefer to stay in partnership and work from
the inside to help encourage factory improvements.  In 2008we terminated our business relationship with two suppliers for
compliance reasons (2007: 4). 
System-based approach to managing environmental impacts
We have adopted a system-based approach to managing
environmental impacts in our own production facilities and
throughout our supply chain.  Activities focus on helping suppliers establish sound environmental management systems to
best reduce their negative environmental impacts.  We develop
guidelines and training programmes for our suppliers,  using
the environmental performance of our own production sites as
examples of best practice.  We have mandated the implementation of environmental management systems at our core suppliers to ensure continuous monitoring and improvements.  In our
product creation process,  we focus on improving materials in
our products and on tackling pollution in factories.  Our goal is
to eliminate polluting materials and processes and to increasingly utilise sustainable materials instead. 

Corporate Functions — Sustainability 
Control and monitoring of restricted substances
Restricted substances are those that cause harm or are suspected to cause harm to human health or the environment.  Our
suppliers are required to avoid using restricted substances.  We
have specified clear standards that follow the strictest local
regulations and best practice standards for consumer care
and safety in the Group's policy for monitoring and control of
hazardous substances.  This policy is mandatory for all business partners and is updated regularly based on findings in our
ongoing dialogue with scientific organisations.  Our standards
cover the general requirements for eco-labels and green seals
(e.g.  ÖKO-Tex Standard 100,  Tox Proof TÜV Rhineland,  etc. ) for
footwear,  apparel and hardware products.  Both our own quality
assurance laboratories and external testing institutes are used
to constantly monitor material samples to ensure supplier
compliance with these requirements.  Materials that do not
meet our standards and specifications are rejected. 
Reducing VOC emissions
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs),  which are typically found
in solvents used in our manufacturing process,  can cause
breathing difficulties and other health problems for production
workers.  Therefore,  we are committed to reducing VOC emissions in our suppliers' footwear factories to an average VOC
emission of 20 grams per pair of shoes.  Our efforts focus on
nearly all new adidas Group footwear factories and reflect the
technical synergies of sharing information,  data and sources
on production questions such as water-based cement systems. 
At our core footwear suppliers we measure exposure to such
emissions,  and the records taken provide evidence that workers are not being exposed to dangerous levels of VOCs.  Our
athletic footwear suppliers in Asia and Europe have reduced
VOC emissions from 130 grams per pair in 1999 to 21 grams
per pair in 2008. 

Number of factory visits 
2003 1)
2004

Climate change
Tackling climate change poses a number of challenges for our
company and its functions and our manufacturing partners.  We
have closely analysed the environmental footprint of our business operations and have focused our efforts on three primary
areas: our products,  our supply chain and our own sites.  A wide
range of activities have been implemented to reduce our own
carbon footprint. 

906

1)

954

2005 1)

916

2006 2)

1101

2007

1007

2008

1323

1) Including Salomon business segment. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards. 

VOC consumption 1)
in grams per pair of shoes produced
1999

120

80

40


1) At year-end. 

2000

2001

2002

2003

2004

2005

2006

2007

The adidas Group constantly strives to reduce the environmental impact of transporting its products around the world.  Our
policy is to minimise the impacts from transport,  in particular
air freight shipments,  through improved order and production
planning tools.  Our transport and logistics department has
developed benchmarks for carriers and forwarders that help us
evaluate their environmental performance.  Both environmental
and wider sustainability performance have been included in
the decision-making process regarding the service suppliers
we work with. 

2008

As the generation of electricity is the major source of emissions,  we have taken steps to measure and reduce our energy
use as a business.  At the adidas Group we apply policiesprocedures and practices to ensure that all corporate entities
are operating to the highest standards.  We have environmental management systems in place at our major sites,  and our
core suppliers are required to establish such a system,  too.  In
2008,  we continued the series of energy workshops for core
suppliers in China.  Additionally,  we also try to limit air travel
by our own employees through more rigorous travel planning
and extended use of telecommunication systems such as video
conferencing. 

Environmentally optimised product concepts
We continue to increase emphasis on the efficient use of
resources in product manufacturing and packaging to minimise
the environmental impact of our products without compromising function and quality.  In this respect,  the adidas Group has
developed its first environmentally optimised product concept,  the Originals range 'adidas Grün",  which was launched
in spring 2008.  adidas Grün is a collection of footwear and
apparel that minimises its environmental impact by being as
efficient as possible in the use of natural resources involved
in its production and packaging.  It was created in response to
increasing consumer awareness of the importance of sustainability.  adidas Grün is distinguished from other 'eco" collections
by its clear labelling system that explains the environmental
credentials of each part of the collection.  The lessons learnt
about material selection in this project have been captured
so that other adidas Group teams can apply them to their
product ranges.  Besides the adidas Grün collection,  our adidas
Sport Performance division has initiated a programme called
'Better Place".  This is a horizontal concept with initiatives
from all categories.  It brings adidas' sustainability credentials
to life via products built with sustainability as the main focus. 
The initiative,  which began in 2008,  will enter the market in
spring /summer 2009 in selected product collections. 
Strong sustainability track record reflected in
index memberships
Interest from the financial community in sustainability management is steadily increasing.  We appreciate positive recognition from international institutions and rating agencies,  NGOs
and socially responsible investment (SRI) analysts.  Each yearwe respond to various comprehensive enquiries from socially
responsible investors,  fund managers and financial analysts. 
They evaluate our efforts through in-depth analysis of our
social and environmental programme,  including document
review as well as interviews with employees and management. 
As a result,  adidas AG has been included in a variety of highprofile sustainability indices:
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

DJSI World (DJSI  Dow Jones Sustainability Index)
DJSI STOXX
DJSI EURO STOXX
FTSE4Good Europe Index
ASPI Eurozone Index
Ethibel Index Excellence Europe
Ethibel Index Excellence Global
see Our Share,  p.  038

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

069

Employees
We know that our people are crucial to our
success.  Becoming the global leader in the
sporting goods industry depends on the performance,  potential,  enthusiasm and dedication
of our employees.  We strive to create a working
environment that stimulates team spirit,  passion,  engagement and achievement.  We promote a performance culture based on strong
leadership and therefore link employee compensation to Group and individual achievements.  We aim to continuously develop our
employees with opportunities for career progression,  while upholding a culture that celebrates diversity and encourages global mobility. 

The number of employees working in our Group functions
increased by 13% to 5092 (2007: 4522).  The main reason for
this development was the expansion of our sourcing function. 

2004 2)

At the end of 2008,  52% of our staff were employed in Europe
(2007: 47%),  28% in North America (2007: 31%),  15% in Asia
(2007: 18%) and 5% in Latin America (2007: 4%).  As a global
company with less than 10% of our employees located in
Germany,  we actively encourage global mobility and offer our
employees the opportunity to go on international assignments. 
To support relocating professionals and their families in new
living and working environments,  we provide,  for examplerelevant language and cultural training. 
Three-pillar human resources strategy
We strive to have the right team in place by focusing our
activities on the implementation and execution of our Group's
Human Resources strategy,  which is based on three pillars:

2005

14219

2)

15935

2006 3)

26376

2007

31344

2008

38982

1) At year-end. 
2) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture
of the Salomon business segment. 
3) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards. 

2008 employees by segment 
TaylorMadeadidas Golf 
13%

Reebok 
adidas 
5%

HQ functions 
— Creating a working environment that stimulates team
spirit,  passion,  engagement and achievement
see 'Engagement drives performance",  p.  071

Global employee base continues to grow
On December 31,  2008,  the Group had 38982 employees,  which
represents an increase of 24% versus 31344 in the previous
year.  This development is primarily related to new employees
in adidas and Reebok own retail,  mainly on a part-time basis. 
Personnel expenses increased 8% to € 1283 billion in 2008
from € 1186 billion in 2007see Note 25,  p.  187,  representing
30% of the Group's total operating expenses (2007: 30%) and
12% of Group sales (2007: 12%). 

Number of employees 1)

23%

59%

see 'Internal communication activities further enhanced",  p.  071

— Expanding our performance culture based upon
strong leadership
see 'Fit for today and tomorrow",  p.  071
see 'Performance-driven remuneration system",  p.  072

— Being an 'Employer of Choice"
see 'Employer of choice: creating an attractive work
environment",  p.  073

Emerging markets and own retail drive employee growth
The development of our employee numbers varied significantly from a brand perspective.  The number of employees at
the adidas brand increased 24% to 23202 at the end of 2008
(2007: 18678),  mainly driven by the brand's strong expansion,  especially in own retail and in the emerging markets of
Eastern Europe (e.g.  Russia),  Asia and Latin America.  Staff
at Reebok increased 31% due to the expansion of own-retail
activities in emerging markets.  Hence,  the Reebok segment
comprised 8836 employees at year-end (2007: 6751).  At
TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  the number of employees increased
by 33% to 1852 (2007: 1393) mainly due to the acquisition of
Ashworth,  Inc. 

070

Group Management Report Our Group 
2008 employees by region
Measures taken in order to implement our strategy are
explained in the subsequent sections. 

Corporate Functions — Employees 
Latin America
Europe 
5%

52%

Asia 
15%

North America 28%

Engagement drives performance
We believe that engagement drives performance.  Therefore it
is important for us to collect regular employee feedback.  To
measure engagement we carry out engagement surveys which
enable us to maintain a regular dialogue with our employeesevaluate our progress internally and also to benchmark ourselves externally.  The employee survey system was developed
and rolled out with Hewitt Associates,  a leading human
resources consulting company.  It has a standardised approach
with consistent methodology and definition of employee
engagement and is aligned with our strategic pillars.  In 2008we conducted engagement surveys in most business units
around the globe and are now in the process of translating
the feedback into action.  In 2010 we plan our first truly global
survey to measure our progress. 
Internal communication activities further enhanced
To foster employee engagement,  we offer our employees the
opportunity to exchange ideas directly with senior management and raise questions via our intranet (through our 'Ask
the Management" application).  In addition,  we regularly hold
all-employee meetings at our major locations around the world
where our staff have the opportunity to openly share their
views with senior management and gain an overview of current and future business developments.  The last one in 2008
took place at the adidas Group Headquarters in Herzogenaurach in December and was broadcast to all our employees
worldwide via the intranet.  To continuously strengthen communication with our employees,  we are further aligning and
consolidating internal communication tools across all regions
and brands,  for example through an electronic and interactive
version of our employee magazine. 
Fit for today and tomorrow
To reach their personal best,  our Group's employees need a
training plan to build on their strengths,  improve their technique and overcome their own challenges.  In this processjoining individual aspirations to our organisational needs is
the highest priority.  Our 'Competency Model" clearly defines
 set of competencies to ensure consistent and transparent
performance and talent management.  It is our goal to support
our employees in delivering their best performance by focusing
our efforts on three key success drivers. 

Success drivers for performance 
— Leadership Excellence: We believe that leaders should act
as role models.  In addition to gearing all activities towards the
success of the adidas Group in the marketplace,  leaders have a
central role in actively shaping the Group's corporate culture. 

Leadership
Excellence 
Actual
Performance
Performance
Management 
Talent
Management 
Performance Culture 
— Performance Management: Through our global PEP
(Performance Evaluation and Planning) tool we not only aim to
measure our employees against the required competencies of
their job level and their performance,  but also to set individual
business targets and plan appropriate training and development activities as necessary.  We offer targeted training under
our Fit for Today programme (e.g.  basic skills training or
business coaching) for both individual and team performance
improvement. 
— Talent Management (Fit for Tomorrow): With specifically
designed talent management tools and processes,  we identify
employees at all levels of our company who have the potential
to become future leaders in our organisation.  Actively managing internal succession contributes to our competitive position
and ensures that we are 'fit for tomorrow".  In order to prepare
employees for new and more complex future roles,  they participate in targeted development programmes for various levels
within the organisation:
— Executive Development Programme (EDP): A centrally
managed cross-brand and cross-region programme for
employees who show potential for the Executive Level. 
— Management Development Programme (MDP): Run
decentrally by our regional Development & Training
teams,  this programme is tailored for employees from
different functional areas and brands who show potential for the management level. 
— Business Management Programme (BMP): A 24-month
international cross-functional and cross-brand programme aiming at attracting professionals with MBA
degrees and three to five years' work experience to
prepare them for future management positions within
our Group.  At year-end 2008,  7 employees were participating in the BMP globally (2007: 7). 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

071

— Functional Trainee Programme (FTP): A 12- to 18-month
programme giving graduates with international backgrounds and excellent educational credentials the
opportunity to start a functional career with the adidas
Group.  The programme comprises six three-month
assignments in varying departments.  At least one of
these assignments takes place abroad.  At year-end
2008,  we employed 29 participants in our global FTP
(2007: 23). 

Employees by function
in %
2008

Own retail 
Our 'Fit For Tomorrow" programmes are complemented by
apprenticeship programmes and internships.  The adidas Group
apprenticeship offers young people who want to join our Group
straight out of school the opportunity to gain business experience in a three-year rotation programme.  These programmes
include vocational training in retail,  industrial management
and IT as well as integrated study programmes.  At the end of
2008,  we employed 54 apprentices in Germany (2007: 45). 
Our global internship programme gives students four to six
months' work experience within the adidas Group.  For 'bestof-class" interns,  we initiated a 'ReBound" programme to
remain in close contact with them after their internship and
foster potential future employment.  At the end of 2008,  we
employed 396 interns in Germany (2007: 189). 

Group Management Report Our Group 
47
41

Sales 
11

Logistics
Marketing 




Central functions & administration
Production
Research & development
IT


5

2


6

3

38982

31344

— Profit sharing: For employees who are not eligible for the
bonus programme,  profit sharing is used as an incentive to
reward the achievement of the Group's profit target.  In 2008,  for
example,  we again paid a one-time gratification to employees
in Germany (Champions Bonus) honouring their performance
in the past year. 

14

14
15

Total 
Performance-driven remuneration system
We are committed to rewarding our employees with effective
compensation and benefit programmes that are competitive in the marketplace.  Remuneration throughout the Group
comprises fixed and variable monetary compensation,  nonmonetary rewards,  as well as other intangible benefits.  The
cornerstone of our rewards programme is our Global Salary
Management System (GSMS).  It is used as a basis to set the
value of employees' positions and salaries in a clear,  marketdriven and performance-oriented way.  GSMS provides the
global framework for managing base compensation in the
adidas Group and for making performance-related base salary
adjustments.  In addition to a fixed base salary,  we also offer
our employees various variable compensation components. 

072

2007

— Bonus programme: Within the adidas Group,  certain
employees are eligible for a bonus based on their respective job grade level as specified in GSMS.  Our Group's bonus
programme combines individual performance (measured in
the PEP process) and corporate performance (actual financial
results measured against Group,  brand,  division and /or business unit targets). 

Corporate Functions — Employees 
— Additional compensation components: For senior management and Executive Board members we offer Long-Term
Incentive Programmes (LTIP) and a Management Share Option
Plan (MSOP)
see Compensation Report,  p.  030. 
Other benefits include our 401-K pension plans in the USA and
the adidas pension plan for our employees in Germany.  In 20081712 employees (2007: 1396) participated in the latter,  which
represents an increase of 23% compared to the previous year. 
Other Group subsidiaries also grant a variety of additional benefits to employees depending on locally defined practices and
country-specific norms such as discount allowances that provide our employees with the possibility to purchase discounted
products in our own stores. 

Employer of choice: creating an attractive work environment
To become and remain an 'Employer of Choice",  we strive to
consistently enhance our employer branding.  Our attractiveness as an employer is clearly shown by our representation in
several external rankings such as Vault,  Trendence or Potential
Park.  But as much as our organisation is result-driven,  we
also know that top performance can only be achieved in a
work environment that recognises the individual needs of our
employees. 
Diversity: As a truly global company,  diversity is one of our
Group's core values.  We believe that the diversity of our workforce helps us to sustain a competitive advantage.  As part of
our training and development programme,  for example,  we
offer specific modules on diversity management.  This helps us
to ensure our company's success and stability.  The high degree
of diversity is also reflected in our workforce.  At our corporate
headquarters,  for example,  we have employees from more than
50 countries.  In 2008,  we signed the Diversity Charta (Charta
der Vielfalt) in Germany,  an initiative that facilitates best practice exchange and embraces diversity as an active contributor
to business success. 
Work-Life Balance: We aim to harmonise the commercial
interests of the adidas Group with the private and family needs
of our employees,  thereby assuring the mutual benefit of both. 
The programme includes family-oriented services,  flexible
work time and place,  people development and leadership competence related to work-life balance. 

2008 key employee statistics 
adidas 
TaylorMadeReebok adidas Golf 
Group
functions 
Total 
Total employees
(in %)

Male
Female
Management
positions (in %)
Male
Female
Average age
of employees 
50
50

53
47

53
47

45
55

51
49

71
29

73
27

73
27

73
27

72
28

(in years) 1)

28

26

38

37

29

33

41

56

62

39

136

56

62

85

108

Average length of
service (in years)
Annual training
hours by employee
1) At year-end. 

Future challenges
The adidas Group faces increasing competition for highly
qualified personnel in the international labour market.  In this
respect,  we constantly strive to improve our Human Resources
service and delivery model,  adapting it to evolving business
needs and benchmarks.  Through integrated Human Resources
solutions,  we proactively approach these challenges,  focusing
on relevant performance-related Human Resources tools and
processes.  Our 'Team Line Up" helps us to identify employees
based on their performance and potential to become future
leaders in our organisation.  In addition,  we are also extending our targeting programmes to attract external candidates. 
Although we benefit from our excellent reputation,  a key tenet
of our strategy is to continuously refine our branding as an
employer of choice.  For example,  in 2008 we started a 'key
university strategy roll-out" where members of the Executive
Board and other senior executives of the Group shared their
business insights at 13 top universities worldwide and engaged
in discussions with students.  In addition,  we're also adapting to
new trends in the interaction of employers and employees.  This
includes the shift from traditional job board advertisement and
static company information towards a more individual approach
facilitated by the Internet.  In 2008,  we started a more personalised approach,  for example by creating a special community for
potential adidas designers and by using Web 20 technologies
and the social networking scene. 

In addition,  we offer our employees a wide range of sports
activities at our major sites.  Employees in HerzogenaurachPortland and Canton and other subsidiaries have access to
 company gym.  Our Company Sports department in Herzogenaurach also organises several sports activities such as
mountain biking,  kayaking or ski tours.  Special events such as
 one-week sports camp for employees' children,  trans-alpine
mountain bike tours and the yearly Berlin Marathon weekend
(with a suitable training programme prior to the event) are also
available.  In 2008,  the Company Sports department in Germany
offered about 130 courses and more than 30 events which were
attended by more than 2800 participants. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

073

Research and Development
Our dedication to product innovation is a prerequisite to sustaining our position as the performance leader in the sporting goods industry. 
As a result,  research and development (R&D) is
 cornerstone for the continued success of our
business.  We invest considerable resources into
developing and commercialising technological
innovations as well as fresh design ideas,  in
order to best unite our brands' values with the
unique needs of our consumers.  The research
and development process is driven by teams
of employees with diverse professional backgrounds.  In 2009,  one of our top R&D focus
priorities will be the further development and
commercialisation of intelligent products. 

R&D an integral part of the product creation process
Research and development within the adidas Group follows
 decentralised approach.  Each brand segment runs its own
research,  design and development activities.  The teams generally have either a category or a technology focus.  Fundamental
and biomechanical research,  however,  is shared across the
Group.  Within the segments,  R&D is not a separate organisational entity,  but is closely integrated with the sourcing,  design
and product marketing functions.  As a result,  all R&D activities
are focused on producing results directly applicable to a specific product.  At the beginning of the product creation processmarketing defines a development focus.  This is derived on a
case-by-case basis from a combination of consumer research
and feedback,  competition analysis and own product testing. 
Independently from specific development requests,  our innovation teams also analyse new materials,  production processes
or scientific research often even from other industries with
regard to ideas for potential product innovations which are
presented to product marketing at an early stage to assess 
074

Group Management Report Our Group 
commerciality.  Once conceptualised,  new technologies are
engineered using state-of-the-art CAD and Finite Element
Analysis (FEA) systems.  Sourcing specialists are consulted to
integrate cost and production process aspects into the development phase.  As soon as a new technology is deemed viableit is produced as a physical sample.  Samples are then tested
extensively by members of our innovation team as well as top
athletes and teams.  Only when these tests have been successful are technologies handed over to product marketing which
commercialises the technology to a final product. 

Major technology-related awards
won by the adidas Group in 2008

In addition,  we have put emphasis on streamlining the development process.  As a result,  we have significantly decreased the
number of physical samples by using virtual sampling technologies instead.  This results in lower costs and a reduction of
process time. 
adidas Innovation Team drives brand's R&D initiatives
R&D activities at brand adidas focus on the development of
innovative footwear,  apparel and hardware technologies.  To
solidify adidas' position as a leader in technology and innovation,  the adidas Innovation Team (ait) is responsible for the
ongoing development of new technologies and concepts in all
key product categories. 

Corporate Functions — Research and Development 
Magazine 
Product 
Segment 
Best update 
Runner's
World 
Supernova™
Cushion 
adidas 
Best motion-stabilising shoe 
Running
Network 
Supernova™
Sequence 
adidas 
Best inventions of 2008

Time
Magazine 
Bounce:S

adidas 
Best debut 
Important efficiency improvements made in 2008
We constantly strive to improve our R&D processes to fulfil our
mission to develop products that give our athletes and consumers a tangible advantage over the competition.  In 2008,  our
efforts focused on increasing efficiencies throughout the R&D
process.  One aspect of this is the sharing of fundamental technologies across our brands.  In 2008,  certain technologies used
in the production of adidas football boots were also applied at
Reebok.  We also stepped up the transfer of technologies across
different categories.  The TECHFIT™ technology,  for examplehas now also been introduced in the basketball category.  In
golf,  Movable Weight Technology™ originally used in metalwoods is now also used in putters. 

Award 
Runner's
World 
Premier
Verona KFS

Reebok 
Innovation 
Plus X Award 
Premier
SmoothFit™

Reebok 
Innovation 
Plus X Award 
TOUR360 LTD

TaylorMadeadidas Golf 
adidas Group R & D structure 
adidas Group 
adidas 
Reebok 
TaylorMadeadidas Golf 
Know-how transfer 
adidas categories 
Reebok categories 
Know-how transfer 
Know-how transfer 
TaylerMade-adidas Golf
categories 
Know-how transfer 
Major R & D locations and activities 
Main activities 
adidas 
Reebok
Reebok-CCM
Hockey 
Rockport
TaylorMadeadidas Golf 
Location 
Global Development
Centre (ait)
Global Development
Centre (ait)
Global Research and
Testing Centre (ait)
Asian Design and
Development Centre
Asian Product
Creation Centre
Global Development
and Testing Centre
Development
and Testing Centre
Development
and Testing Centre
Global Development
and Testing Centre
Global Development
and Testing Centre 
HerzogenaurachGermany
Portland /OregonUSA
ScheinfeldGermany
ShanghaiChina
TokyoJapan
Canton /MassachusettsUSA
Montreal /QuebecCanada
Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu /
Quebec,  Canada
Canton /MassachusettsUSA
Carlsbad /CaliforniaUSA

The Team is divided into groups that focus on individual product categories such as basketball,  football or cross-category
project areas such as intelligent products or energy management systems (cushioning technologies).  Approximately half of
the groups are located in Portland /Oregon,  USA.  The other half
is based in Herzogenaurach,  Germany.  Dedicated innovation
development centres in Asia focused on the production of prototypes support the product creation process. 
R&D activities at Reebok follow divisional segment structure
Within the Reebok segment,  each division runs separate R&D
teams due to their heterogeneous product offerings. 
— At brand Reebok,  the Reebok Advanced Concepts (RAC)
and Reebok Equipment teams located in Canton /Massachusetts,  USA,  create footwear,  apparel and equipment with the
primary focus on developing products that provide maximum
comfort and fit for the consumer. 
— The R&D team at Reebok-CCM Hockey,  located at two different locations in Canada,  is dedicated to continuously creating
state-of-the-art hockey equipment for both professional and
recreational players. 
— Rockport's R&D function located in Canton /MassachusettsUSA,  is a vertically integrated organisation that covers all
aspects of strategy,  research,  design,  engineering and testingwhile incorporating the Group's advanced proprietary athletic
footwear technologies into casual and dress shoes. 
In all Reebok divisions,  R&D includes a development /engineering team as well as a design and commercialisation teama human performance laboratory and a prototype sampling
group with the product marketing teams in each strategic business unit.  Major projects involve extensive fit,  wear and materials testing to qualify and assess the durability and functionality
of Reebok products. 

Industry-leading R&D at TaylorMade-adidas Golf
TaylorMade-adidas Golf's R&D team is focused on continually
designing and developing industry-leading products.  The team
is structured according to the different product categories in
golf and is located in Carlsbad /California,  USA. 
Selective purchase of external R&D expertise
In addition to its internal R&D efforts,  the adidas Group
also purchases a limited amount of R&D expertise from
well-established research partners.  We enter into external
collaborations to gain access to highly specialised knowledge in certain areas of expertise we have decided not to fill
internally.  This strategy allows for greater flexibility and faster
access to know-how that may otherwise require considerable
time and resources if built up within the Group.  To increase
efficiency and protect research results,  collaborations are
usually long-term and exclusive.  All projects carried out with
external partners are based on a clearly defined mandate outlining the project scope to ensure consistency with the Group's
R&D focus.  Major adidas relationships exist with the Universities of Loughborough,  England,  the University of CalgaryCanada,  the Universities of Fribourg and Erlangen-NurembergGermany,  and the Fraunhofer Institute,  Germany.  The brand
has also built up a network of medical experts advising adidas
on relevant new findings in their respective areas of expertise. 
In 2008,  the further development of compression apparelfor example,  was based on a scientific analysis carried out in
cooperation with the University of Calgary on how different
muscle groups work together.  adidas also acquired TextronicsInc.,  a specialist in the development of wearable sensors for
use in fitness and health monitoring,  to strengthen the brand's
leading position in the intelligent product category.  Reebok
partnered with the University of Delaware in the development of the EasyTone™ shoe.  Using electromyographic teststhe activity of individual muscles was measured.  TaylorMadeadidas Golf has cooperations with the Universities of CalgaryCanada,  and Portland,  USA. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

075

Active trademark and patent protection policy
To capitalise on the Group's R&D achievements,  we seek
patent protection for all our footwear,  apparel and hardware
innovations.  It is an important business policy for our Group
to secure the best available patent protection for our innovations in major markets.  As we use a wide range of different
technologies in our products,  we are not dependent upon any
single technology,  or any patent rights related to any single
technology.  We also own a substantial portfolio of registered
trademarks for the Group's brands and related proprietary
names.  As part of our business policy,  we vigorously enforce
the Group's trademarks and patents by monitoring the markets for infringements and taking action to prevent them.  This
includes a vigorous anti-counterfeiting programme.  We also
have stringent processes,  and undertake significant researchto avoid infringement of third-party intellectual property rights
see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  107. 

 & D expenses
€ in millions
2004 1)
2005

1)

59
63

2006 2)

98

2007

84

2008

81

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

 & D expenses
in % of net sales 
Efficiency improvements reduce R&D expenses
In 2008,  all research and development costs were expensed
as incurred.  adidas Group R&D expenses decreased by 3%
to € 81 million (2007: € 84 million) as a result of continued
efficiency improvements at all brands.  R&D expenses include
expenses for personnel and administration,  but exclude other
costs,  for example those associated with the design aspect
of the product creation process.  Personnel expenses represent the largest portion of R&D expenses,  accounting for
more than 50% of total R&D expenses in 2008.  In 2008,  R&D
expenses represented 19% of total operating expenses versus
21% in the prior year.  R&D expenses as a percentage of sales
see Note 2,  p.  158. 
remained stable at 08% (2007: 08%)
Highly skilled technical personnel
For all our brands,  the success of our R&D efforts depends on
bringing together a diverse and highly skilled workforce.  At
December 31,  2008,  1152 people were employed in the Group's
R&D activities compared to 976 employees in 2007 (+18%). 
This represents 3% of total Group employees,  unchanged
compared to the prior year (2007: 3%). 

2004 1)
2005

10

1)

09

2006 2)

10

2007

08

2008

08

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

 & D expenses
in % of operating expenses
2004 1)
2005

26

1)

25

2006 2)

26

2007
2008

21
19

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

076

Group Management Report Our Group 
Corporate Functions — Research and Development 
The R&D departments for each brand comprise experienced
teams from different areas of expertise.  Employees with a
background in mechanical engineering and biomechanics specialise primarily in the development of performance footwear
with a special focus on reducing stress on knees and other
joints.  Experts in material engineering concentrate on the
development of apparel and footwear with an emphasis on
reducing skin irritation,  increasing durability and flexibility
as well as enhancing temperature and moisture management. 
Other professional backgrounds include industrial designFinite Element Analysis,  advanced CAD design and product
development. 
Successful commercialisation of technological innovations
Developing industry-leading technologies is only one aspect
of being an innovation leader.  Even more important is the
successful commercialisation of those technological innovations.  The majority of adidas Group sales in 2008 were generated with products newly introduced in the course of the year. 
As new products tend to have a higher gross margin compared
to products which are in the market for more than one seasonnewly launched products contributed overproportionately to
the Group's net income development in 2008.  We expect this
development to continue in 2009 as our launch schedule highlights a full pipeline of innovative products
see Subsequent
Events and Outlook,  p.  120. 
Successful product launches across all
major adidas categories
The strong sales development of brand adidas in 2008 was
largely based on launching evolutions of existing technologies
in all major categories.  Products launched in 2008 accounted
for 78% of brand sales (2007: 77%).  Only 5% of total sales were
generated with products introduced three or more years ago
(2007: 6%). 
Highlight product launches in the football category included
the EUROPASS,  the official ball for the UEFA EURO 2008™,  of
which we sold more than six million pieces in 2008.  Its revolutionary PSC-Texture™ guarantees optimum grip between
ball and boot in all weather conditions.  adidas also launched
miCoach,  an interactive training system which collects and
turns personal data into individual training plans based on the
user's fitness level and specific goals. 

The system comprises five key components: a mobile phone,  a
heart rate monitor,  a stride sensor chip to fit all adidas running
footwear,  compatible adidas apparel and the miCoach website
to create tailored training programmes.  Sales of products using
TECHFIT™ technology doubled in 2008 following extension of
the technology into additional categories such as basketball. 
Product innovation at Reebok focuses on key categories
In 2008,  we made progress in improving the quality and appeal
of Reebok's product portfolio especially in the sports category. 
Product launches focused on those categories the brand has
defined as core to its future positioning,  i, e.  Women's FitnessMen's Sport and Classics.  At brand Reebok,  66% of ordered
footwear was launched in 2008 (2007: 61%).  Only 14% of
ordered footwear products were related to products introduced
three or more years ago (2007: 10%).  In 2008,  Reebok brought
to market SmoothFit™,  a unique technology that eliminates all
exposed stitching in shoes and apparel to reduce the amount of
abrasion against the foot and body.  The technology was rolled
out across different categories such as training and running
and is now used in more than 70 Reebok products.  Reebok
also launched a number of footwear products across different
categories containing further refinements to its KineticFit
(KFS) technology.  This technology makes use of a series of
engineered stretch panels positioned in key areas of the shoe
which accommodate changes in the size and shape of an
athlete's foot as it moves. 
At Reebok-CCM Hockey,  products launched in 2008 accounted
for 31% of sales in North America (2007: 58%).  Only 16% of
sales in this region were generated with products introduced
three or more years ago (2007: 12%).  In 2008,  Reebok-CCM
Hockey launched the revolutionary U+™ Skate.  Through the
use of U FOAM,  the skate customises to the foot after being
heated once.  The use of the new lightweight,  revolutionary
rocket runner blade makes it the lightest skate on the marketsupporting CCM's position as one of the leading skate brands
in the National Hockey League (NHL). 
Due to the different business model for the Rockport brand
with its larger focus on non-athletic styles,  the impact from
new styles is significantly lower.  As a result,  51% of ordered
products were launched in 2008 (2007: 50%).  18% of ordered
products were related to products introduced three or more
years ago (2007: less than 20%).  In 2008,  R&D efforts concentrated on further developing the brand's Machine Washable
and Walk Dry technologies as well as improving Rockport's
proprietary Dynamic Suspension System. 

Innovation continues as key success factor for
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
In the TaylorMade-adidas Golf segment,  current products (i, e. 
products launched in the last 18 months,  which is the typical
product lifecycle in golf) represented 92% of total hardware
sales (2007: 75%).  Products that had been brought to market
three or more years ago accounted for 1% (2007: 1%).  Among
the highlight product launches in 2008 was the next generation
of Burner® drivers using SuperFast and Dual Crown technology
promoting faster swing speed,  a higher launch angle and lower
spin-rate.  Together this enables players to achieve longer
distance.  The Burner® family of drivers accounted for approximately 15% of TaylorMade-adidas Golf sales in 2008.  In this
year,  TaylorMade also launched the Itsy Bitsy Spider Putter
featuring Movable Weight Technology™ and AGSI+ grooved
insert technology,  which is designed to grip the ball at impactreducing backspin and promoting forward spin. 
Ambitious 2009 R&D targets
Research and development is crucial for our Group's success
as we continuously strive to meet and exceed the expectations
of our consumers and customers with respect to technology
and design.  The awards we attained in 2008 are further proof
of our technology leadership within the sporting goods industry.  Our Group remains committed to bringing at least one new
revolutionary technology or groundbreaking evolution to the
market each year
see Group Strategy,  p.  046.  In 2009,  intelligent product technologies will be at the forefront of adidas
R&D activities as we aim to position the brand as the technology leader in this rapidly growing category.  Reebok's focus
will continue to be on technologies enhancing comfort and fit
that are tangible and easily understandable for the consumer. 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf's development efforts will centre on
further increasing the adaptability of its products to individual
player characteristics. 

Major 2008 product launches 
Product 
Brand 
adidas by Stella McCartney golf
apparel collection
adidas Originals adidas Grün collection
adidas Originals Handbags For Feet collection
adidas Originals Denim by Diesel
apparel collection
adiSTAR® Control 4 running shoe
adiSTAR® Revolt running shoe
adiZero™ CS running shoe
Barricade tennis shoe
F50 TUNIT™ football boot
Men's training adidas TECHFIT PowerWEB
miCoach training system
mi Originals customisation tool
Team Signature Creator basketball shoe
Women's Yatra training collection
Avon Pink Ribbon collection
Big Papi 2M (baseball footwear)
Freestyle Cities collection
HEXRIDE Rally running shoe
KFS Sprintfit II Pro football boot
Premier Verona KFS running shoe
Vince Young Electrify SD
(American football boot)
Voltron men's footwear collection
Women's American football
apparel collection
Yao Pump™ Omni HEXRIDE basketball shoe
CCM Vector U+™ Stick
Reebok OPS 7K Sickick Stick
Rockport Signature Series
Burner® and Burner® TP balls
my TP ball
r7® CGB MAX Limited driver
r7® CGB MAX Rescue hybrid
TECHFIT PowerWEB
adidas Golf apparel line
Tour Burner® iron
Tour Burner® TP driver
Tour Preferred® Red and Black golf balls
TOUR360 LTD adidas Golf shoe 
adidas Group 
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok-CCM Hockey
Reebok-CCM Hockey
Rockport
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
Annual Report 2008

077

Haile Gebrselassie
adidas
Haile Gebrselassie could undoubtedly be named the best
distance runner ever: four times World Champion,  two
times Olympic Champion in the 10000 metres,  numerous
world records in the 5000 metres,  the 10000 metres
and the marathon.  In 2008,  he again smashed his own
world record at the Berlin Marathon.  His new goal? To
once run a marathon in under 2:03:00 hours.  And his
game plan: 'Have a clear goal,  pursue it and challenge
my own impossible. "

Group Management Report Our Financial Year
080
080
082
090
093
096

Business Performance by Segment
adidas Business Performance
Reebok Business Performance
TaylorMade-adidas Golf Business Performance
Risk and Opportunity Report
Subsequent Events and Outlook 
099
099
102
105
107
120



Group Management Report –
Our Financial Year 
Group Business Performance
Economic and Sector Development
Income Statement
Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Statement
Treasury
Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 of the German
Commercial Code and Explanatory Report 
Group Business Performance 
Economic and Sector Development 
In 2008,  the adidas Group again delivered
strong financial performance.  Group sales and
profitability developed in line with Management's initial expectations.  Currency-neutral
sales increased 9%.  Double-digit sales growth
in the adidas segment had the biggest impact
on this development.  In euro terms,  adidas
Group revenues grew 5% to € 10799 billion in
2008 from € 10299 billion in 2007.  The Group's
gross margin increased 13 percentage points
to 487% in 2008 (2007: 474%) mainly driven by
an improving regional mix,  further own-retail
expansion and a more favourable product mix. 
The Group's gross profit increased 8% to reach
€ 5256 billion in 2008 versus € 4882 billion
in 2007.  The Group's operating margin grew
07 percentage points to 99% from 92% in
2007,  due to the higher gross margin which
more than offset higher net other operating
expenses and income as a percentage of sales. 
The Group's operating profit increased 13% to
€ 1070 billion in 2008 versus € 949 million in
2007.  The Group's net income attributable to
shareholders grew 16% to € 642 million from
€ 551 million in 2007.  Diluted earnings per
share increased 20% to € 307 in 2008 versus
€ 257 in 2007. 

Regional GDP development 1)
in %

Global economic growth at its lowest level in six years
In 2008,  the global economy grew 20%.  This represents a
sharp slowdown versus the 2007 growth rate of 40%.  The
crisis that started in 2007 in the banking sector spilled over into
the real economy,  with each region seeing a slow moderation
in GDP growth.  The crisis intensified from October onwardswith all key economic indicators spiralling downwards. 
In Europe,  full year GDP increased by 09% (2007: 28%).  A
moderation of growth in Western Europe was only partly offset
by the region's emerging markets.  The latter grew their economy by 46%,  but also showed signs of a slowdown.  Despite a
slight improvement mid-year,  consumer confidence in Europe
declined throughout 2008.  As a result of the crisis,  unemployment rose to its highest level since February 2007. 

Global 
Europe 
Asia 2)

USA

Latin
America 






In the USA,  economic growth decreased to 13% in 2008 (2007:
20%).  Depression of the housing market and a troubled banking sector suffering from the liquidity crisis drove this development.  As a result of the economic difficulties,  the unemployment rate rose to a 16-year high of 72% in December,  and
brought US consumer confidence to an all-time low. 



In Asia,  most of the region's economies continued on a strong
upswing,  albeit at a lower rate than in previous years.  Asia's
GDP grew 42% in 2008 (2007: 69%).  GDP growth in China was
90%,  while Japan's economy shrank 02%.  Developing Asian
countries indirectly suffered from the crisis,  experiencing a
decline in exports and foreign investment.  Consumer confidence in Asia decreased in most countries,  including Japan
and China. 

Quarterly unemployment rate by region 
Despite slightly slower activity,  GDP growth in Latin America
reached 42% in 2008 (2007: 55%).  Economic growth lost
momentum in the last months of the year due to a decline in
commodity prices and lower exports.  Consumer confidence in
the region declined in 2008,  especially towards the end of the
year. 

2006

2007

2008

1) Real,  percentage change versus prior year; 2008 figures are estimated. 
2) Asia also includes Japan and Area Pacific. 
Source: Goldman Sachs. 

in % of total active population
Q4 2007

USA 1)
Euro Zone 2)
Japan 3)

Q1 2008

Q2 2008

Q3 2008

Q4 2008

49
72
38

51
72
38

56
74
41

62
76
40

72
80
44

1) Source: US Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
2) Source: Eurostat. 
3) Source: Japan Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications. 

Quarterly development of Consumer Price Index 1)
by region
Q4 2007

USA
Euro Zone
Japan
1) Source: Bloomberg. 

080

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
Group Business Performance — Economic and Sector Development 
Q1 2008

Q2 2008

Q3 2008

Q4 2008

41
31
07

40
36
12

50
40
20

49
36
21

01
16
04

Quarterly consumer confidence development 
Q4 2007

Q1 2008

Q2 2008

Q3 2008

Q4 2008

906
(9)
383

659
(12)
370

510
(17)
329

614
(19)
318

386
(30)
267

USA 1)
Euro Zone 2)
Japan 3)

1) Source: Conference Board. 
2) Source: European Commission. 
3) Source: Economic and Social Research Institute,  Government of Japan. 

Exchange rate development 1)
€ 1 equals
Average
rate 2007

USD
GBP
JPY

Q1 2008

Q2 2008

Q3 2008

Q4 2008

Average
rate 2008

13709
06845
16119

15812
07958
15737

15764
07923
16644

14303
07903
15047

13917
09525
12614

14702
07956
15239

1) Spot rates at quarter-end. 

Oil price development 1)
in US $
Jan.  1,  2007

Dec.  31,  2008

Global sporting goods industry hit by economic downturn
In 2008,  growth of the sporting goods industry was affected by
slower economic expansion in most major markets.  Howeverthe extent of the crisis differed from region to region.  The
sporting goods markets in the USA and Western Europe were
the most hit while emerging markets continued to post significant growth. 

From a channel perspective,  sales also developed differently
by category.  The family footwear channel increased at a midsingle-digit rate.  The sporting goods and mall athletic specialty
channels,  however,  were down at a low-single-digit rate.  In
apparel,  the sporting goods channel increased sales,  while the
mall athletic specialty and family/volume channels were down
double-digit. 

Mixed performance of European sporting goods industry
In 2008,  the European sporting goods industry saw diverse
developments among the various markets.  Despite the positive
impact of the UEFA EURO 2008™,  all major Western European
countries posted a decline in sales.  The UK led the downward
trend,  being faced with a particularly tough retail environment. 
Emerging markets continued to show a strong performancehowever at a slower pace than in the prior year. 

by region 
Asian sporting goods industry driven by emerging markets
The Asian sporting goods industry showed continued doubledigit growth in 2008,  driven by most major markets.  The
emerging markets were the primary driver of growth,  supported
by increasing consumer demand and continued retail expansion.  In addition,  the Olympic Games held in Beijing raised
awareness for sports among the Chinese population and in
neighbouring countries. 

The decline in Western Europe hit both the footwear and
apparel segment,  albeit in diverse degrees.  Declining volumes
accounted for the major part of the sales drop.  Footwear
sales decreased at a mid-single-digit rate while apparel sales
declined at a high-single-digit rate.  The decline in footwear
sales was driven by the outdoor,  training and basketball
categories.  Among the distribution channels,  clothing storesgeneral shoe stores and sports shoe stores declined at a
double-digit rate while sporting goods stores were able to
outperform the market,  although they were still down. 

Despite weak private consumption in Japan,  the industry grew
at a mid-single-digit rate in 2008.  Sales in footwear increased
at a mid-single-digit rate,  while apparel sales grew at a lowsingle-digit rate. 

US sporting goods industry endures tough retail market
In the US sporting goods industry,  the sales trends differed
significantly by category.  Footwear sales grew,  while apparel
sales declined. 

120

80

40

The slight expansion of footwear sales was supported by an
increase in average selling prices.  The main contributor to
the sales growth was the running category (mid-single-digit
growth),  while basketball,  lifestyle and training decreased. 
Apparel sales were down low-single-digit as average selling prices declined.  The sales drop was driven by the training
category,  which declined at a high-single-digit rate,  and to a
lesser extent by the basketball category. 

Latin American sporting goods market increases
In Latin America,  the sporting goods market developed in
line with the overall economy and grew at a single-digit rate
compared to the prior year.  Both apparel and footwear sales
increased in 2008 compared to the prior year,  reflecting higher
consumer spending in the region. 
adidas Group outpaces overall economic and industry growth
In 2008,  adidas Group revenues grew faster than both the
global economy and the sporting goods industry in all regionswith the exception of North America.  From a macroeconomic
perspective,  the two most important indicators of how
conducive a region's economic development is to our business
are GDP growth and consumer confidence.  Performance in the
sporting goods industry,  however,  is often more influenced by
product category trends,  development of key retail partners as
well as pricing and volume trends in the sector. 


1) West Texas Intermediate Cushing crude oil. 
Source: Bloomberg. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

081

Income Statement 
No change in accounting policy
The Group's consolidated financial statements are prepared in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS).  There were no relevant changes in IFRS and no changes
see
in the Group's consolidation and accounting principles
Note 1,  p.  157.  Therefore,  there was no impact on the Group's
consolidated financial statements from any such changes in
the reporting period. 
Portfolio changes impact business development
In 2008,  the adidas Group implemented various portfolio
changes which had an impact on the Group's financial results
see Note 4,  p.  164.  In February 2008,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf
divested the Maxfli brand.  This had a small negative impact
on sales.  The Group's operating result was positively impacted
by a one-time book gain of € 5 million resulting from this
transaction.  In addition,  in November 2008,  the TaylorMadeadidas Golf segment acquired Ashworth,  Inc.,  a leader in cotton
casual golf apparel.  The Ashworth consolidation did not have
 significant impact on the Group's sales in 2008.  The transaction positively impacted the Group's operating result due to a
one-time book gain of € 21 million.  However,  this was partially
offset by restructuring costs and other one-time expenses of
€ 7 million.  Furthermore,  effective April 1,  2008,  the adidas
Group acquired 9999% of the shares of Reebok Productos
Esportivos Brasil Ltda.  (formerly Comercial Vulcabras Ltda. )the distributor for Reebok products in Brazil and Paraguay. 
Effective June 2,  2008,  Reebok also founded a new company
in Argentina,  in which the adidas Group holds 9999% of the
shares.  Both these transactions had a positive impact on sales
in the Reebok segment.  Royalty income,  however,  was negatively impacted as the new companies took over the business
of the former distribution partner in the region. 

082

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
Synergies support operational performance
The operational performance of the adidas and Reebok segments was positively impacted by the realisation of revenue
and cost synergies resulting from the integration of the
Reebok business into the adidas Group.  Sales synergies were
realised in the Reebok segment,  in particular in countries for
which Reebok had purchased the distribution rights,  such as
Russia and China.  Revenue synergies also had a small positive
impact on sales development in the adidas segment due to
increased revenues related to the NBA licence business,  which
was transferred from Reebok to the adidas brand in 2006.  Cost
synergies resulting from the combination of adidas and Reebok
sourcing activities also continued to have a positive impact on
the cost of sales.  These were partly offset by integration costs
which negatively impacted the Group's operating expenses. 
In 2008,  we realised revenue synergies of around € 230 million (2007: around € 100 million).  Due to lower than expected
Reebok apparel sales,  these synergies are slightly below our
initial expectations.  Net cost synergies were in line with expectations and amounted to around € 110 million for the full year
2008 (2007: around € 20 million). 
adidas Group currency-neutral sales grow 9%
In 2008,  Group revenues increased 9% on a currency-neutral
basis,  as a result of strong sales growth in the adidas and
TaylorMade-adidas Golf segments.  This development was in
line with initial Management expectations of high-single-digit
growth.  Currency translation effects negatively impacted Group
sales in euro terms.  Group revenues grew 5% in euro terms to
€ 10799 billion in 2008 from € 10299 billion in 2007. 

Group Business Performance — Income Statement 
Net sales
€ in millions
2004 1)
2005

1)

5860
6636

2006 2)

10084

2007

10299

2008

10799

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

Net sales by quarter
€ in millions
Q1 2007
Q1 2008
Q2 2007
Q2 2008

2538
2621
2400
2521

Q3 2007

2941

Q3 2008
Q4 2007
Q4 2008

3083
2419
2574

2008 net sales by segment 1)

TaylorMadeadidas Golf 
adidas 
8%

72%

20%

Reebok 
1) HQ /Consolidation accounts for less than 1% of sales. 

2008 net sales by region 1)

Europe 
43%

Latin America 
8%

adidas and TaylorMade-adidas Golf drive
top-line performance
The adidas segment was the most significant contributor to
Group sales growth in 2008.  Currency-neutral adidas segment
revenues increased 14% during the period,  driven by doubledigit increases in all major performance categories.  Currencyneutral sales in the Reebok segment decreased 2% versus
the prior year.  Growth in the running category was offset by
declines in most other categories.  At TaylorMade-adidas
Golf,  currency-neutral revenues increased 7%,  due to positive sales momentum in apparel,  footwear,  balls and putters. 
Sales recorded in the HQ /Consolidation segment,  which reflect
revenues not attributable to the adidas,  Reebok or TaylorMadeadidas Golf segments,  decreased 63% on a currency-neutral
basis.  This development was mainly due to the expiration of our
sourcing cooperation agreement with Amer Sports Corporation
in February 2008. 
Currency translation effects negatively impacted sales in
all segments in euro terms.  adidas sales increased 10% to
€ 7821 billion in 2008 from € 7113 billion in 2007.  Sales at
Reebok decreased 8% to € 2148 billion versus € 2333 billion
in the prior year.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf sales increased 1%
to € 812 million in 2008 from € 804 million in 2007.  HQ /Consolidation sales decreased 64% to € 18 million from € 49 million
in the prior year. 

2008 net sales growth (currency-neutral) 1)
by segment and region in %

Europe 
Asia 
Latin
America 
Total 
13
(3)

(3)
(16)

24


21
192

14
(2)

17
11


(8)

10
20

38
42


9

Europe 
adidas
Reebok
TaylorMadeadidas Golf
Total 
North
America 
North
America 
Asia 
Latin
America 
Total 
10
(8)

(10)
(22)

23
(1)

16
170

10
(8)


7

(4)
(14)


18

28
36


5

1) Versus the prior year. 

2008 net sales growth (in €) 1)
by segment and region in %

adidas
Reebok
TaylorMadeadidas Golf
Total
1) Versus the prior year. 

North America 24%
Asia 
25%

1) Excluding HQ /Consolidation. 

Net sales by region
€ in millions 
Europe 
2004 2)
2005 2)
2006 3)
2007
2008

North
America 
Asia 
Latin
America 
Total 1)

3068
3166
4162
4369
4665

1332
1561
3234
2929
2520

1192
1523
2020
2254
2662

224
319
499
657
893

5860
6636
10084
10299
10799

Double-digit currency-neutral sales increase
in nearly all regions
adidas Group sales grew at double-digit rates on a currencyneutral basis in all regions except North America in 2008. 
Group sales in Europe grew 11% on a currency-neutral basis
as a result of strong growth in emerging markets.  In North
America,  Group sales declined 8% on a currency-neutral basis
due to lower sales in the USA.  Sales for the adidas Group in
Asia increased 20% on a currency-neutral basis,  driven by
particularly strong growth in China.  In Latin America,  sales
grew 42% on a currency-neutral basis,  with double-digit
increases coming from most of the region's major marketssupported by the new Reebok companies in Brazil /Paraguay
and Argentina. 

1) Including HQ /Consolidation. 
2) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
3) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

083

Currency translation effects negatively impacted sales in euro
terms in all regions.  In euro terms,  sales in Europe increased
7% to € 4665 billion in 2008 from € 4369 billion in 2007.  Sales
in North America decreased 14% to € 2520 billion in 2008
from € 2929 billion in the prior year.  Revenues in Asia grew
18% to € 2662 billion in 2008 from € 2254 billion in 2007. 
Sales in Latin America grew 36% to € 893 million in 2008 from
€ 657 million in the prior year. 
Currency-neutral apparel revenues advance
at a double-digit rate
From a product category perspective,  currency-neutral
Group sales growth was driven by increases in all categories. 
Currency-neutral footwear sales increased 8% during the
period.  This development was driven by double-digit growth in
the adidas and TaylorMade-adidas Golf segments,  while the
Reebok segment remained stable.  Apparel sales grew 12% on
 currency-neutral basis,  driven by double-digit increases in
the adidas and TaylorMade-adidas Golf segments,  while sales
in the Reebok segment declined.  Currency-neutral hardware
sales increased 4% compared to the prior year due to improvements in all segments. 
Currency translation effects negatively impacted sales in all
product categories in euro terms.  Footwear sales in euro terms
increased 4% to € 4919 billion in 2008 (2007: € 4751 billion).  Apparel sales grew 8% to € 4775 billion in 2008 from
€ 4426 billion in the prior year.  Hardware sales decreased 1%
to € 1106 billion in 2008 from € 1121 billion in 2007. 

084

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
2008 net sales by product category 
Hardware 
46%

10%

Apparel 
Footwear 
44%

Net sales by product category
€ in millions
Footwear 
2004 2)
2005 2)
2006 3)
2007
2008

Apparel 
Hardware 
Total 1)

2620
2978
4733
4751
4919

2462
2798
4105
4426
4775

778
860
1246
1121
1106

5860
6636
10084
10299
10799

1) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 
2) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
3) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

Group Business Performance — Income Statement 
Cost of sales increases modestly
Cost of sales is defined as the amount we pay to third parties
for expenses associated with producing and delivering our
products.  Own-production expenses are also included in the
Group's cost of sales.  However,  these expenses represent only
 very small portion of total cost of sales.  In 2008,  cost of sales
was € 5543 billion,  representing an increase of 2% compared
to € 5417 billion in 2007.  The increase was below sales growth
due to the optimisation of sourcing processes and efficiency
gains within our supply chain which more than offset increasing labour and raw material costs. 
Gross margin reaches record level of 487%
The gross margin of the adidas Group increased 13 percentage points to 487% in 2008 (2007: 474%).  This is the highest
annual gross margin for the Group since the IPO in 1995.  This
development exceeded Management's initial expectation of a
gross margin between 475 and 480%.  The improvement was
mainly due to an improving regional mix,  further own-retail
expansion and a more favourable product mix.  Currency
movements also supported this development.  Cost synergies
resulting from the combination of adidas and Reebok sourcing activities also continued to have a positive impact.  As a
result,  gross profit for the adidas Group rose 8% in 2008 to
reach € 5256 billion versus € 4882 billion in the prior year. 
Royalty and commission income decreases
Royalty and commission income for the adidas Group decreased
9% on a currency-neutral basis.  This development is mainly
due to the non-recurrence of royalties from distribution partners in the Reebok segment in Brazil /Paraguay and Argentina
in 2008.  The distribution partnerships in these countries were
replaced by own companies whose sales were consolidated for
the first time in 2008.  In euro terms,  royalty and commission
income decreased 13% to € 89 million in 2008 from € 102 million in the prior year. 

Gross margin
in %
2004 1)
2005

480

1)

482

2006 2)

446

2007

474

2008

487

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

Gross profit
€ in millions
2004 1)
2005

1)

2006 2)
2007
2008

2813
3197
4495
4882
5256

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

Other operating income grows 28%
Other operating income includes items such as releases
of accruals and provisions and gains from the disposal of
fixed assets
see Note 24,  p.  186.  Other operating income
increased 28% to € 103 million in 2008 from € 80 million in
2007.  This development is mainly due to one-time book gains
in connection with the acquisition of Ashworth (€ 21 million)
see
and the divestiture of the Maxfli business (€ 5 million)
TaylorMade-adidas Golf Business Performance,  p.  105. 

Gross profit by quarter 
Higher other operating expenses as a percentage of sales
Other operating expenses,  including depreciation and amortisation,  consist of items such as marketing working budget and
operating overhead costs
see Note 25,  p.  187.  Other operating
expenses as a percentage of sales increased 06 percentage
points to 405% in 2008 from 400% in 2007.  Higher expenses
to support the Group's growth in emerging markets were
partly offset by efficiency improvements and a slight decrease
in marketing working budget expenditure as a percentage of
sales.  In absolute terms,  other operating expenses increased
6% to € 4378 billion in 2008 from € 4115 billion in the prior
year. 

Q3 2008

€ in millions
Q1 2007

1188

Q1 2008

1288

Q2 2007

1138

Q2 2008

1263

Q3 2007

1429
1511

Q4 2007

1127

Q4 2008

1194

Marketing working budget decreases as a percentage of sales
Marketing working budget consists of items such as expenses
for promotion partnerships,  advertising,  retail presentation
and public relations.  The Group's marketing working budget
as a percentage of sales decreased 02 percentage points
to 132% in 2008 (2007: 134%).  Higher expenses related to
the major sporting events in 2008 were offset by the adidas
Group's strong revenue growth.  In absolute terms,  marketing
working budget increased 4% to € 1429 billion in 2008 from
€ 1378 billion in the prior year. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

085

Other operating expenses
€ in millions
2005 1)
2006

2573

2)

3759

2007

4115

2008

4378

1) Figure reflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

Operating overhead expenses increase
Group operating overheads include overhead costs related to
marketing,  sales,  logistics,  research and development as well
as finance and administration functions.  Operating overhead
expenses as a percentage of sales increased 07 percentage
points to 273% in 2008 from 266% in the prior year.  This was
primarily a result of higher own-retail expenditures,  which
increased due to the expansion of the Group's own-retail
activities,  mainly in emerging markets.  As a result,  operating
overhead expenses increased 8% in 2008 to € 2949 billion
versus € 2737 billion in 2007. 

Other operating expenses
€ in millions
2008

Marketing working budget 
2007

1429
1378

Marketing overhead 
376
327

Sales force 
1179
1045

Other operating expenses
Logistics 
in % of net sales
2005

1)

388

2006 2)

565

535

Research & development 
81

84

Finance & administration 
748

746

373

2007

400

2008

Total 
4378

4115

405

1) Figure reflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

Marketing working budget
in % of net sales
2004 1)

142

2005

1)

142

2006

2)

2007
2008

129
134
132

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

086

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
Group Business Performance — Income Statement 
EBITDA increases 10%
The Group's earnings before interest,  taxes,  depreciation
and amortisation of tangible and intangible assets (EBITDA)
increased 10% to € 1277 billion in 2008 (2007: € 1165 billion).  Depreciation and amortisation expense for tangible
and intangible assets with limited useful lives grew 11% to
€ 234 million in 2008 (2007: € 211 million).  This development was mainly a result of increased fixed assets related to
our own-retail expansion.  In accordance with IFRS,  intangible
assets with unlimited useful lives (goodwill and trademarks)
are tested annually and additionally when there are indications
of potential impairment.  No impairment of intangible assets
with unlimited useful lives was incurred in 2008 and 2007. 
Operating margin improves 07 percentage points
The operating margin of the adidas Group increased 07 percentage points to 99% in 2008 (2007: 92%).  This development
was in line with Management's initial expectation of an operating margin of at least 95%.  The operating margin increase
was a result of the gross margin improvement and higher
other operating income,  which more than offset higher other
operating expenses as a percentage of sales.  As a result,  Group
operating profit increased 13% in 2008 to reach € 1070 billion
versus € 949 million in 2007. 

EBITDA

Operating profit 
€ in millions 
€ in millions 
2004 1) 2)
2005

2)

2006 3)

2004 1)

716

2005

806

1165

2008

707

2006 2)

1078

2007

584

1)

1277

1) Adjusted to reflect the application of IAS 32. 
2) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
3) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

881

2007

949

2008

1070

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

Operating profit by quarter 
Operating margin 
€ in millions 
in %
Q1 2007
2004 1)

100

2005 1)

229

Q1 2008

282

107
Q2 2007

2006 2)
2007

87

188

Q2 2008

208

92
Q3 2007

2008

99

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

471

Q3 2008

473

Q4 2007
Q4 2008

61
107

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

087

Net financial expenses 
Net financial expenses increase 23%
Net financial expenses increased 23% to € 166 million in 2008
from € 134 million in the prior year.  This was mainly a result of
higher financial expenses compared to the prior year. 

€ in millions
2004 1) 2)
2005

2)

59
52

2006 3)

158

2007

134

2008

166

1) Adjusted to reflect the application of IAS 32. 
2) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
3) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

Financial income up 5%
Financial income increased 5% to € 37 million in 2008 from
€ 36 million in the prior year as a result of higher interest
see Note 27,  p.  188. 
income from cash deposits
Financial expenses increase 19%
Financial expenses increased 19% to € 203 million in 2008
(2007: € 170 million).  This development was primarily due
to net foreign currency exchange losses resulting from the
revaluation of balance sheet positions in foreign currencies
other than functional currencies
see Note 27,  p.  188. 
Income before taxes increases 11%
Income before taxes (IBT) as a percentage of sales increased
05 percentage points to 84% in 2008 from 79% in 2007.  This
was a result of the Group's operating margin increase,  which
more than offset the increase in net financial expenses.  IBT for
the adidas Group increased 11% to € 904 million in 2008 from
€ 815 million in 2007. 

Income before taxes
€ in millions
2004 1) 2)
2005

526

2)

655

2006 3)

723

2007

815

2008

904

1) Adjusted to reflect the application of IAS 32. 
2) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
3) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

Income before taxes by quarter
€ in millions
Q1 2007

191

Q1 2008

250

Q2 2007

153

Q2 2008

169

Q3 2007

441

Q3 2008
Q4 2007
Q4 2008

088

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
Group Business Performance — Income Statement 
431
30
54

Net income attributable to shareholders grows 16%
The Group's net income attributable to shareholders increased
16% to € 642 million in 2008 from € 551 million in 2007.  This
development was in line with Management's initial expectation
of net income growth of at least 15%.  The Group's higher operating profit,  a lower tax rate and lower minority interests contributed to this development.  The Group's tax rate decreased
30 percentage points to 288% in 2008 (2007: 318%) mainly
due to a more favourable regional earnings mix throughout the
Group as well as one-time tax benefits in the fourth quarter of
see Note 28,  p.  189. 
2008
Minority interests decline 39%
The Group's minority interests decreased 39% to € 2 million in
2008 from € 4 million in 2007.  The decline was primarily due to
lower profit at Reebok's subsidiary in Spain. 

Net income attributable to shareholders
€ in millions
2004

314

2005

383

2006 1)

483

2007

551

2008

642

1) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including
Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

Net income attributable to shareholders by quarter
€ in millions
Q1 2007

128

Q1 2008

169

Q2 2007

104

Q2 2008

116

Q3 2007

298

Q3 2008
Q4 2007
Q4 2008

Basic and diluted earnings per share increase 20%
Basic earnings per share increased 20% to € 325 in 2008
versus € 271 in 2007.  Basic earnings per share increased
at a higher rate than the Group's net income attributable
to shareholders due to a decrease in the number of shares
outstanding.  The weighted average number of shares used
in the calculation of basic earnings per share decreased
to 197562346 in 2008 (2007 average: 203594975) due to
the share buyback programme initiated in January 2008
see Our Share,  p.  038.  Diluted earnings per share in 2008
increased 20% to € 307 from € 257 in the prior year.  The
weighted average number of shares used in the calculation
of diluted earnings per share was 213333203 (2007 average:
219467177).  The dilutive effect largely results from approximately sixteen million additional potential shares that could
be created in relation to our outstanding convertible bondfor which conversion criteria were first met at the end of the
fourth quarter of 2004. 

302
21
54

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

089

Balance sheet structure 1)

No change in accounting policy
The Group's consolidated financial statements are prepared in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS).  There were no relevant changes in IFRS and no changes
in the Group's consolidation and accounting principles
see
Note 1,  p.  157.  Therefore,  there was no impact on the Group's
consolidated financial statements from any such changes in
the reporting period. 
Total assets increase 15%
At the end of 2008,  total assets increased 15% to € 9533 billion
versus € 8325 billion in the prior year.  This was mainly a result
of an increase in current assets. 

Balance sheet structure 1)

in % of total assets 
Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Statement 
in % of total liabilities and equity 
Assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
2008

2007

26

Accounts receivable 
170

Inventories 
Liabilities and equity 
Short-term borrowings 
209

128

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
22
102

186

175
236
196
Other liabilities
Fixed assets 
245
276

427
448

Other assets 
168

(€ in millions)

9533

1) For absolute figures see Consolidated Balance Sheet,  p.  152. 

Group Business Performance — Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Statement 
357

364

146

Total assets 
Accounts receivable increase 11%
At the end of 2008,  Group receivables increased 11% to
€ 1624 billion (2007: € 1459 billion)
see Note 7,  p.  167.  On a
currency-neutral basis,  receivables grew 13%.  This increase
reflects slower receipt of payments due to the difficult economic situation in some markets.  The new Reebok companies
in Latin America as well as the consolidation of the Ashworth
business acquired in November also contributed to this
increase. 

090

2007

84

Accounts payable 
Long-term borrowings 
35

Total equity 
Group inventories up 22%
Group inventories increased 22% to € 1995 billion at the end
of 2008 versus € 1629 billion in 2007
see Note 8,  p.  168.  On
 currency-neutral basis,  inventories grew 21%.  This was a
result of a higher volume of product shipments received from
suppliers towards the end of the year in anticipation of future
price increases as well as potential regulatory changes in Latin
America.  Hesitant customer order patterns also impacted this
development
see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  107.  In additionthe new Reebok companies in Latin America as well as the
consolidation of the Ashworth business acquired in November
contributed to the increase. 

2008

8325

Total liabilities and
equity (€ in millions)

9533

1) For absolute figures see Consolidated Balance Sheet,  p.  152. 

8325

Other current assets up 49%
Other current assets increased 49% to € 789 million at the
end of 2008 from € 529 million in 2007.  This development
was mainly due to higher fair values of financial instruments
see Note 9,  p.  168. 
Fixed assets increase 9%
Fixed assets increased 9% to € 4074 billion at the end of 2008
versus € 3726 billion in 2007.  This was mainly the result of
continued own-retail expansion,  investment into the Group's
IT infrastructure,  the transfer of assets held-for-sale to
fixed assets as well as the acquisition of Ashworth,  Inc.  and
Textronics,  Inc.  Additions of € 378 million were partly offset
by depreciation and amortisation of € 234 million as well as
disposals in an amount of € 41 million.  Currency translation
effects on fixed assets denominated in currencies other than
the euro had a positive effect of € 120 million. 
Assets held-for-sale decrease 60%
At the end of 2008,  assets held-for-sale decreased 60% to
€ 31 million (2007: € 80 million).  In the second quarter of
2008,  land and buildings in Herzogenaurach,  Germany,  which
are no longer in the scope of a sale,  were transferred to fixed
assets.  At the end of 2008,  assets held-for-sale mainly related
to warehouses for sale in the UK and in the USA,  property in
Herzogenaurach and assets in connection with the planned
divestiture of Gekko Brands,  LLC acquired with Ashworth,  Inc. 
see Note 3,  p.  163. 

Total assets
€ in millions
2004 1)
2005

4434
5750

2006 2)

8379

2007

8325

2008

9533

1) Restated due to application of amendment to IAS 19. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards. 

Other current liabilities increase 11%
Other current liabilities increased 11% to € 295 million at the
end of 2008 from € 266 million in 2007,  primarily as a result
of increases in tax liabilities other than income taxes
see
Note 17,  p.  173. 

Inventories
€ in millions
2004
2005

1155

Other non-current liabilities decrease 23%
Other non-current liabilities decreased 23% to € 52 million at
the end of 2008 from € 69 million in 2007,  primarily as a result
of a decrease in the fair value of non-current forward contracts
see Note 19,  p.  175. 

1230

2006 1)

1607

2007

1629

2008

1995

Equity grows due to increase in net income
Shareholders' equity rose 12% to € 3386 billion at the end of
2008 versus € 3023 billion in 2007.  The net income generated during the period more than offset the buyback of adidas
AG shares.  Currency translation effects and increases in the
fair value of forward contracts also positively impacted this
see Note 21,  p.  176. 
development 
1) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards. 

Receivables
Other non-current assets increase 25%
Other non-current assets increased by 25% to € 180 million at
the end of 2008 from € 147 million in 2007,  mainly driven by an
see Note 14increase in the fair value of financial instruments
p.  170. 

€ in millions
2004
2005
2006 1)
2007

Accounts payable grow 43%
Accounts payable increased 43% to € 1218 billion at the end
of 2008 versus € 849 million in 2007.  On a currency-neutral
basis,  accounts payable were up 37%.  This development was
mainly a result of a higher volume of production and product
shipments towards the end of the year in anticipation of future
price increases as well as potential regulatory changes in
Latin America
see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  107.  The new
Reebok companies in Latin America as well as the consolidation of the Ashworth business acquired in November also
contributed to the increase. 

1046
965
1415
1459

2008
1) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards. 

1624

Expenses related to off-balance sheet items
Our most important off-balance sheet assets are operating
leases,  which are related to retail stores,  offices,  warehouses
and equipment.  The Group has entered into various operating
leases as opposed to property acquisitions to reduce exposure
to property value fluctuations.  Rent expenses increased 25%
to € 422 million in 2008 from € 337 million in the prior yearmainly due to the continued expansion of the adidas Group's
own-retail activities
see Note 22,  p.  181. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

091

Accounts payable
€ in millions
2004

592

2005

684

2006 1)

752

2007

849

2008

1218

1) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards. 

Shareholders' equity
€ in millions
2004 1)

1544

2005
2006

2684
2)

2828

2007

3023

2008

Cash flow development reflects increased
working capital needs
In 2008,  cash inflow from operating activities was € 497 million (2007: € 780 million).  The decrease in cash provided by
operating activities compared to the prior year was primarily
due to higher working capital needs.  Cash outflow for investing activities was € 444 million (2007: € 285 million) and was
mainly related to spending for property,  plant and equipment
such as investments in the furnishing and fitting of adidas and
Reebok own-retail stores and in IT systems.  Cash outflows
for financing activities were related to the buyback of adidas
AG shares in an amount of € 409 million and the payment of
dividends to shareholders in an amount of € 99 million.  Cash
outflow in the amount of € 186 million led to a corresponding
change in short-term borrowings.  An increase of long-term
borrowings by € 588 million only partly offset these outflows. 
Consequently,  net cash used in financing activities totalled
€ 106 million (2007: € 510 million).  As a result of this development and despite a positive exchange rate effect of € 2 million (2007: negative € 1 million),  cash and cash equivalents
decreased by € 51 million to € 244 million at the end of 2008
(2007: € 295 million). 

adidas 
50%

TaylorMadeadidas Golf 
Reebok 
4%

14%

HQ/
Consolidation 32%

2008 capital expenditure by type 
Own retail 
37%

Retailer
support 
7%

3386

1) Restated due to application of amendment to IAS 19. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards. 

Change in cash and cash equivalents
€ in millions
Cash and cash
equivalents
at the end
of 2007

Net cash
provided by
operating
activities
497

Net cash
used in
investing
activities 
Net cash
used in
financing
activities 
Cash and cash
equivalents
at the end
of 2008 1)

(444)

Capital expenditure focus on Group expansion
Capital expenditure is the total cash expenditure for the
purchase of tangible and intangible assets.  Group capital
expenditures increased 32% to € 380 million in 2008 (2007:
€ 289 million).  The adidas segment accounted for 50% of Group
capital expenditures (2007: 52%).  Expenditures in the Reebok
segment accounted for 14% of total expenditures (2007: 20%). 
The majority of adidas and Reebok expenditures focused on
the expansion of own-retail activities.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf
capital expenditures accounted for 4% of total expenditures
(2007: 4%).  The remaining 32% of total capital expenditures
was recorded in the HQ /Consolidation segment (2007: 24%)
see
and was mainly related to IT infrastructure measures
Global Operations,  p.  064. 

(106)
295
244

1) Includes a positive exchange rate effect of € 2 million. 

092

2008 capital expenditure by segment 
Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
Group Business Performance — Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Statement — Treasury 
IT
Other 
37%

19%

Treasury 
Group financing policy
The major goal of our financing policy is to minimise the
Group's financial expenses while ensuring sufficient liquidity
reserves at all times to meet the Group's payment commitments.  The operating activities of our Group segments and
the resulting cash inflows represent the Group's main source
of liquidity.  Liquidity is planned on a multi-year financial and
liquidity plan on a rolling monthly basis.  This comprises all
consolidated Group companies.  Our in-house bank concept
takes advantage of the surplus funds of individual Group companies to cover the financial requirements of others,  reducing external financing requirements and optimising our net
interest expenses.  By settling intercompany transactions via
intercompany financial accounts,  we are able to reduce external bank account transactions and thus bank charges.  Effective
management of our currency exposure as well as ongoing
interest rate optimisation are additional goals of our Group
Treasury department. 
Treasury system and responsibilities
Our Group's Treasury Policy governs all treasury-related
issues,  including banking policy and approval of bank relationships,  global financing arrangements and liquidity /asset management,  currency and interest risk management as well as
the management of intercompany cash flows.  Responsibilities
are arranged in a three-tiered approach:
— The Treasury Committee consists of members of the
Executive Board and other senior executives who decide on
the Group's Treasury Policy and provide strategic guidance
for managing treasury-related topics.  The Treasury Committee
approves all major changes to our Treasury Policy. 

Centralised treasury function
In accordance with our Group's Treasury Policy,  more than
90% of our worldwide credit lines are managed by the Group
Treasury department.  Portions of those lines are allocated to
the Group's subsidiaries and backed by parental guarantees. 
As a result of this centralised liquidity management,  the Group
is well positioned to allocate resources efficiently throughout
the organisation.  The Group's debt is generally unsecured and
includes standard financial covenants,  which are reviewed on
 quarterly basis.  We maintain good relations with numerous
partner banks,  thereby avoiding a strong dependency on any
single institution.  Banking partners of the Group and our subsidiaries are required to have at least a BBB+ long-term investment grade rating by Standard & Poor's or an equivalent rating
by another leading rating agency.  Only in exceptional cases
are Group companies authorised to work with banks with a
see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  107.  To optimise
lower rating
the Group's cash position and ensure optimal allocation of
liquid financial resources,  subsidiaries are required to transfer
excess cash to the Group's headquarters. 

Total credit facilities
€ in millions
2008

Short-term lines 
2722

2314

Medium-term committed lines 
2000

2000

Private placements 
1432

1564

393

384

Convertible bond 
Total 
Long-term financial flexibility ensured
The adidas Group's long-term flexibility is ensured by unutilised credit facilities in an amount of € 39 billion at the end of
2008 (2007: € 41 billion).  These include a € 20 billion committed multi-year syndicated loan (2007: € 20 billion) of which
€ 18 billion was not utilised at year-end as well as bilateral
credit lines at different banks in an amount of € 21 billion
(2007: € 21 billion).  We monitor the ongoing need for available
credit lines based on the current level of debt as well as future
financing requirements. 

2007

6547

6262

Remaining time to maturity of available facilities
€ in millions
2008

2007

2500
< 1 year 
3519

967

— The Group Treasury department is responsible for specific
centralised treasury transactions and for global implementation of our Group's Treasury Policy. 
— On a subsidiary level,  local managing directors and financial controllers are responsible for managing treasury matters
in the respective subsidiaries.  Brand and regional controlling
ensures that the transactions of the individual business units
are in compliance with the Group's Treasury Policy. 

 to 3 years 
462

 to 5 years 
2332

2376

234

419

> 5 years 
Total 
6547

adidas Group 
6262

Annual Report 2008

093

Short-term credit lines increase
Short-term credit lines increased 18% to € 2722 billion at the
end of 2008 from € 2314 billion in the prior year.  The credit
lines in 2008 increased to promote liquidity flexibility.  Committed and uncommitted credit lines represent approximately
42% and 58% of total short-term credit lines,  respectively. 
Standard financial covenants
Under our committed credit facilities we have entered into various covenants.  These covenants include limits on the disposal
of fixed assets and the amount of debt secured by liens we may
incur.  In addition,  our financial arrangements contain equity
ratio covenants,  minimum equity covenants as well as net loss
covenants.  If we fail to meet any covenant and are unable to
obtain a waiver from a majority of partner banks,  borrowings
would become due and payable immediately.  As at December
31,  2008,  we were in full compliance with all of our covenants. 
As a result of our cash flow expectations,  we are confident
we will continue to be compliant with these covenants going
see Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  120.  We currently
forward
believe that cash generated by operations,  together with access
to external sources of funds,  will be sufficient to meet our
future operating and capital needs. 

Currency split of gross borrowings
€ in millions
2008

EUR

2007

1470
1092

USD

1004

959

JPY
All others 

95


90

Total 
2573

2146

Issued bonds at a glance
in millions
Issued bonds 
Maturity 
USD 218
JPY 3000
EUR 26
AUD 16
EUR 150
EUR 150
USD 270
USD 288
USD 292
USD 175
USD 150
EUR 400
EUR 73

variable
fixed
variable
variable
fixed and
variable
variable
fixed
fixed
fixed
fixed
fixed
250%
fixed and
variable 
2009
2009
2010
2010
2010

French private placement
US private placement
US private placement
US private placement
US private placement
US private placement
Convertible bond
Other private placements 
Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
Coupon 
Asian private placement
Asian private placement
Asian private placement
Asian private placement
German private placement 
094

Volume 
Group Business Performance — Treasury 
2011 2012
2009
2011
2013
2015
2016
2018
2009 2012

Gross borrowings increase
Gross borrowings increased 20% to € 2573 billion at the end
of 2008 from € 2146 billion in the prior year.  Bank borrowings
increased 206% to € 605 million from € 198 million in the prior
year.  Our private placements in the USA,  in Europe and in Asia
decreased 9% to € 1432 billion in 2008 (2007: € 1564 billion).  The current value of the convertible bond increased
2% to € 393 million in 2008 from € 384 million in the prior
year,  reflecting the accrued interest on the debt component
in accordance with IFRS requirements.  Commercial paper
amounting to € 143 million was outstanding at the end of 2008
(2007: € 0). 
Euro dominates currency mix
The majority of our Group's gross borrowings are denominated
in euros and US dollars.  Gross borrowings denominated in
euros accounted for 57% of total gross borrowings (2007: 51%). 
The share of gross borrowings held in US dollars decreased to
39% (2007: 45%). 
Interest rate slightly decreases
The weighted average interest rate on the Group's gross
borrowings decreased slightly to 52% in 2008 (2007: 53%). 
High interest rates,  mainly in the Euro Zone,  during the first
half of the year were offset by decreased interest rates worldwide in the second half of 2008.  Long-term fixed-rate financing
amounted to around 60% of the Group's total financing at the
end of 2008 (2007: around 70%).  Variable financing amounted
to around 40% of total financing at the end of the year (2007:
around 30%). 

Interest rate development 1)
in % per annum
2004

34

2005

40

2006

48

2007

53

2008

52

1) Weighted average interest rate of gross borrowings. 

Net cash /(Net borrowings)

2004 1)

(665)

2005

551

2006 2)

(2231)

2007

(1766)

2008

(2189)

1) Restated due to application of amendment to IAS 39. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards. 

1)

€ in millions
Q1 2007

2519

Q1 2008

2073

Q2 2007

2395

Q2 2008

2260

Q3 2007

2201

Q3 2008
Q4 2007
Q4 2008

Financial leverage
in %
2004 1)
2005

431
(205)

2006 2)

789

2007

584

2008

646

1) Restated due to application of IAS 32 /IAS 39 and amendment to IAS 19. 
2) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards. 

Financing structure 
€ in millions 
Net borrowings by quarter 
Net debt position increased by € 423 million
Net borrowings at December 31,  2008 amounted to € 2189 billion,  which represents an increase of € 423 million,  or 24%versus € 1766 billion in the prior year.  As a result,  our original
target of net debt to be at or slightly below the 2007 level was
not achieved.  During 2008,  we utilised cash for a share buyback
programme in an amount of € 409 million which contributed to
the increase in net debt.  Higher working capital requirements
also influenced this development.  In addition,  negative currency
effects contributed € 93 million to the net borrowings development.  Consequently,  the Group's financial leverage increased to
646% at the end of 2008 versus 584% in the prior year.  On a net
debt basis,  the utilisation of the credit facilities available to the
Group at the end of 2008 was 33% versus 28% in the prior year. 

2593

Currency management further optimised
Due to the Group's global activity,  currency management
is a key focus of the Group's Treasury department.  Hedging
US dollars is the central pillar of our programme.  This is a
direct result of our Asian-dominated sourcing,  which is largely
see Global Operations,  p.  064.  In
denominated in US dollars
2008,  the Treasury department managed a net deficit of around
US $ 19 billion against the euro.  This represents an increase
of approximately US $ 04 billion from around US $ 15 billion
in the prior year,  mainly as a result of our increased sourcing needs.  As outlined in our Group's Treasury Policy,  we have
established a rolling 12- to 24-month hedging system,  under
which the vast majority of the anticipated seasonal hedging
volume is secured six months prior to the start of a season. 
As a result,  we have almost completed our anticipated hedging needs for 2009 at rates similar to those of 2008 and we
have already started to hedge our exposure for 2010.  The
use or combination of different hedging instruments,  such as
currency options,  swaps and forward contracts,  protects us
against unfavourable currency movements,  while retaining
the potential to benefit from future favourable exchange rate
see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  107. 
developments 
€ in millions
2008

Total cash and short-term financial assets
Bank borrowings
Commercial paper
Private placements
Convertible bond
Gross total borrowings
Net borrowings 1)

2007

384
605
143
1432
393
2573
2189

381
198

1564
384
2146
1766

1) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

Short-term credit lines
€ in millions
2008

Committed 
2007

1137

1766

933

2189

1) At end of period. 

Uncommitted 
Total 
1585

1381

2722

adidas Group 
2314

Annual Report 2008

095

Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 of the German
Commercial Code and Explanatory Report 
Composition of subscribed capital
The stock capital of adidas AG amounts to € 193515512 (as
at December 31,  2008) and is divided into the same number
of no-par-value bearer shares with a pro-rata amount in the
see Note 21,  p.  176.  Pursustock capital of € 1 each ('shares")
ant to § 4 section 10 of the Articles of Association,  the shareholders' claim to the issuance of individual share certificates
is in principle excluded.  Each share grants one vote at the
Annual General Meeting.  All shares carry the same rights and
obligations.  In the USA,  we have issued American Depositary
Receipts (ADRs).  ADRs are deposit certificates of non-US
shares that are traded instead of the original shares on US
stock exchanges.  Two ADRs equal one adidas AG share. 
Restrictions on voting rights or transfer of shares
We are not aware of any contractual agreements with the company restricting voting rights or the transfer of shares.  Based
on the Code of Conduct of adidas AG,  however,  particular lockup periods do exist for members of the Executive Board with
regard to the purchase and sale of adidas AG shares.  These
lock-up periods are connected with the publication of our
quarterly and full year results.  Such lock-up periods also exist
for employees who have access to yet unpublished financial
results. 
In addition,  restrictions of voting rights pursuant,  inter alia,  to
§ 136 German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz AktG) or
for treasury shares pursuant to § 71b AktG may exist. 
Shareholdings in stock capital exceeding 10% of voting rights
adidas AG has not been notified of and is not aware of
any direct or indirect shareholdings in the stock capital of
adidas AG exceeding 10% of the voting rights. 
Shares with special rights conferring powers of control
There are no shares with special rights which confer powers of
control. 

096

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
Voting right control if employees have a share in the capital
Like all other shareholders,  employees who hold adidas AG
shares exercise their control rights directly in accordance with
statutory provisions and the Articles of Association. 
Executive Board appointment and dismissal
Currently,  the Executive Board of adidas AG consists of four
see Executive Board,  p.  018.  Pursuant to § 6 of the
members
Articles of Association,  § 84 section 1 AktG,  the Supervisory
Board is responsible for determining the number of members
of the Executive Board as well as for their appointment and
dismissal.  Executive Board members may be appointed for a
period not exceeding five years in accordance with § 84 section 1 sentence 1 AktG.  Such appointments may be renewed
and the terms of office may be extended,  provided that no
term exceeds five years (§ 84 section 1 sentence 2 AktG).  The
Supervisory Board has appointed a member of the Executive
Board as Chairman of the Executive Board pursuant to § 6 of
the Articles of Association.  It may revoke the appointment of
an individual as member or Chairman of the Executive Board
in accordance with § 84 AktG section 3 for good cause,  such
as gross negligence of duties or a withdrawal of confidence by
the Annual General Meeting.  In all other cases,  the dismissal
of Executive Board members and also their appointment
requires a majority of at least two thirds of the Supervisory
Board members (§ 31 sections 2,  5 MitbestG) as adidas AG is
subject to the regulations of the German Co-Determination
Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz MitbestG).  If such a majority
is not established in the first vote by the Supervisory Boardupon proposal of the Mediation Committee
see Corporate
Governance Report,  p.  026 the appointment or dismissal may be
made in a second vote with a simple majority of the votes cast
by the Supervisory Board members (§ 31 section 3 MitbestG). 
Should the required majority not be established in this case
either,  a third vote,  again requiring a simple majority,  must
be held in which,  however,  the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board has two votes (§ 31 section 4 MitbestG).  Additionallypursuant to § 85 section 1 AktG,  if the Executive Board does
not have the required number of members the Fuerth local
court shall,  in urgent cases,  make the necessary appointment
upon application by any party involved. 

Amendments to the Articles of Association
Pursuant to §§ 119 section 1 number 5,  179 section 1,  sentence 1 AktG,  the Articles of Association of adidas AG canin principle,  only be amended by a resolution passed by the
Annual General Meeting.  In accordance with § 21 section 3
of the Articles of Association in conjunction with § 179 section 2 sentence 2 AktG,  the Annual General Meeting of adidas
AG principally resolves upon amendments to the Articles of
Association with a simple majority of the votes cast and with
 simple majority of the stock capital represented when passing the resolution.  If mandatory legal provisions stipulate a
larger majority,  this is applicable.  Regarding amendments
solely relating to the wording of the Articles of Associationthe Supervisory Board is,  however,  authorised to make these
modifications in accordance with § 10 section 1 of the Articles
of Association in conjunction with § 179 section 1,  sentence 2
AktG. 
Authorisation of the Executive Board in particular to issue
and cancel shares
The authorisations of our Executive Board are regulated by
§§ 76 et seq.  AktG in conjunction with § 7 of the Articles of
Association.  The Executive Board is responsible for managing
adidas AG and represents the company judicially and extrajudicially.  The authorisation of the Executive Board to issue
shares is regulated by § 4 of the Articles of Association and by
statutory provisions.  The authorisation of the Executive Board
to repurchase adidas AG shares is based on §§ 71 et seq.  AktG
and,  for the financial year 2008,  on the authorisations granted
by the Annual General Meetings on May 10,  2007 and May 82008. 
— Authorised Capital
— Until June 19,  2010,  the Executive Board is authorised to
increase the stock capital,  subject to Supervisory Board
approval,  by issuing new shares against contributions in
cash once or several times by no more than a maximum
of € 64062500 (Authorised Capital 2005 /I). 
— Until May 28,  2011,  the Executive Board is authorised to
increase the stock capital,  subject to Supervisory Board
approval,  by issuing new shares against contributions in
cash once or several times by no more than a maximum
of € 20000000 (Authorised Capital 2006). 
— Until May 15,  2011,  the Executive Board is authorised to
increase the stock capital,  subject to Supervisory Board
approval,  by issuing new shares against contributions
in cash and /or in kind once or several times by no more
than a maximum of € 12000000 (Authorised Capital
2008). 

Group Business Performance — Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 of the German Commercial Code and Explanatory Report 
Subject to Supervisory Board approval,  shareholders' subscription rights can be excluded in certain cases
see Note 21,  p.  176. 
— Contingent Capital
— The Executive Board has at its disposal a contingent
capital amounting to no more than € 1294748 (Contingent Capital 1999 /I) for the issuance of shares to fulfil
stock options granted to beneficiaries within the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) in the years 1999
to 2003.  Shares are only issued within the scope of the
authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting on
May 20,  1999,  as amended on May 8,  2002,  May 13,  2004
and May 11,  2006.  Taking into account all forfeited stock
options,  up to 63200 shares (as at December 31,  2008)
may still be issued through exercise of the remaining
15800 share options.  The issuance of new share options
based on the above-mentioned authorisation is no
longer possible. 
— The Executive Board has at its disposal a contingent
capital amounting to no more than € 35998040 (Contingent Capital 2003 /II) for the issuance of shares to
holders of bonds issued by adidas International Finance
B. V.,  the Netherlands,  and guaranteed by adidas AG.  The
shares will,  however,  only be issued to the extent that
bondholders exercise their conversion rights.  In the event
of conversion rights being exercised,  the total number of
shares to be issued in this case to bondholders amounts
to 15684315 (as at December 31,  2008). 
— By resolution of the Annual General Meeting held on
May 11,  2006,  the Executive Board was also authorised
to issue bonds with warrants and /or convertible bonds
by the company or affiliated companies once or several
times in the total amount of up to € 15 billion for a
duration of up to 30 years and to accept guarantee of
such bonds issued by affiliated companies.  The Executive Board is authorised to grant to bondholders or bond
creditors subscription or conversion rights relating to
no more than a total of 20000000 shares in compliance
with the corresponding conditions of the bonds.  For this
purpose,  the stock capital was conditionally increased
by up to € 20000000 (Contingent Capital 2006).  The
Executive Board is authorised to exclude shareholders'
subscription rights to bonds,  subject to approval by the
Supervisory Board,  provided that the issue price of the
bonds with warrants and /or convertible bonds is not
significantly below the market value of these bonds.  This
authorisation has not been utilised thus far. 

— Share Buyback
The authorisations of the company to repurchase adidas
AG shares arise from §§ 71 et seq.  AktG as well as the
authorisations granted by the Annual General Meetings on
May 10,  2007 and May 8,  2008. 
— By resolution dated May 10,  2007,  the company was
authorised,  in accordance with § 71 section 1 number
 AktG,  to repurchase adidas AG shares of up to 10% of
the stock capital of adidas AG until November 9,  2008 for
any lawful purpose within the legal frame.  The Executive
Board utilised this authorisation to initiate a share buyback programme carried out between January 30,  2008
and May 2,  2008.  The company repurchased 5511023
adidas AG shares during this period and,  in accordance
with the authorisation granted by the Annual General
Meeting and with Supervisory Board approval,  cancelled
these shares on July 2,  2008,  thus reducing the stock
capital. 
The Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2008 cancelled this authorisation and replaced it with a new
authorisation. 
— In accordance with the authorisation granted on May 82008,  the Executive Board is authorised until November 7,  2009 to repurchase adidas AG shares of up to an
amount totalling 10% of the stock capital at the date of
the resolution for any lawful purpose within the legal
frame.  The authorisation may be used by adidas AG but
also by its subsidiaries or by third parties on account of
the company or its subsidiaries. 
adidas AG shares repurchased based on this authorisation
may in particular be used as follows:
— They may be sold,  subject to Supervisory Board
approval,  via the stock exchange or through an offer
made to all shareholders for cash or through sale at a
price not significantly below the stock market price of
shares with the same features. 
— They may be used,  subject to Supervisory Board
approval,  for the purpose of acquiring companies,  parts
of companies or participations in companies. 

— They may be offered and sold,  subject to Supervisory
Board approval,  as consideration for the acquisition of
industrial property rights or intangible property rights
or for the acquisition of licences relating to such rightsalso through subsidiaries. 
— They may be used to meet subscription or conversion rights arising from bonds with warrants and /or
convertible bonds issued or to be issued by adidas AG
or a direct or indirect subsidiary,  in accordance with the
authorisations granted by the Annual General Meetings
held on May 8,  2003 and May 11,  2006. 
— They may be used to meet the company's obligations
arising from the Management Share Option Plan 1999
(MSOP). 
— They may be cancelled without a further resolution of
the Annual General Meeting being required. 
— They may be assigned to members of the Executive
Board as compensation by way of a stock bonus subject
to the provision that resale by the Executive Board shall
only be permitted following a lock-up period of at least
two years from the date of assignment.  Responsibility in
this case lies with the Supervisory Board. 
In case of a sale of shares for the above-mentioned purposes,  shareholders' subscription rights are excluded. 
If any of the transactions carried out on the basis of this
authorisation require approval by the Supervisory Boardit may assign this responsibility to one of its committees. 
The Executive Board partially utilised this authorisation
for the share buyback programme initiated on January 302008,  and continued on May 21,  2008 after a temporary
interruption.  Pursuant to the authorisation granted by the
Annual General Meeting,  adidas AG repurchased 4671225
shares between May 21,  2008 and October 22,  2008 and
cancelled these shares on December 15,  2008,  thus reducing the stock capital. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

097

— In addition,  the Executive Board was authorised by
the Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2008 to conduct
the share buyback pursuant to the resolved authorisationalso by using equity derivatives arranged with a financial
institution in close conformity with market conditions. 
Subject to Supervisory Board approval,  adidas AG may
sell put options issued for physical delivery and buy call
options if the option conditions ensure that these shares
are only delivered if they were purchased in compliance
with the equality principle.  All shares purchased by using
put and call options are limited to a maximum value of
5% of the stock capital existing at the date on which the
resolution was adopted by the Annual General Meeting. 
The term of the options must be chosen in such a way that
the shares are acquired upon the exercise of the options
no later than November 7,  2009. 
The purchase price payable per adidas AG share upon the
exercise of an option must not exceed or fall below the
opening price of the company's shares in the Xetra Trading
System (or a comparable successor system) on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange on the day of the conclusion of the
relevant option transaction by more than 20% (excluding
incidental purchasing costs),  taking into account the option
premium received /paid. 
For selling and cancelling shares purchased using derivatives,  the general rules resolved by the Annual General
Meeting are applicable. 
As at December 31,  2008 adidas AG did not hold any treasury
shares. 

Change of control /compensation agreements
 change-of-control clause is contained in the convertible bond
with a nominal value of € 400000000 issued by adidas International Finance B. V.  and guaranteed by adidas AG.  The convertible bond will be paid back to the bondholders on October
8,  2018,  unless it has previously been redeemed,  converted or
purchased and cancelled
see Note 21,  p.  176.  A change of control within the meaning of this agreement is deemed to occur if
one person or several persons acting jointly reach control over
adidas AG.  In this event,  the holders of the convertible bond will
be granted the right to early redemption of the loan amount
including interest.  In addition,  some agreements between subsidiaries and third parties include change-of-control clauses. 
However,  no compensation agreements exist with members
of the Executive Board or employees relating to the event of a
take-over bid. 

Explanatory Report by the Executive Board
As a result of the buyback of adidas AG shares and the subsequent cancellation as well as the issuance of new shares within
the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) in 2008,  the stock
capital changed from € 203628960 to € 193515512. 
Pursuant to § 21 German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz WpHG),  the company must be notified if the
voting rights in the company reach or exceed the threshold
of 10%.  The company has not received such a notification.  A
breach of this duty to report leads to a temporary loss of rights
deriving from the corresponding shares and constitutes an
administrative offence.  In theory,  a shareholding in the stock
capital of more than 10% can exist without this having been
reported. 
At the 2008 Annual General Meeting,  amendments to § 4 section 3 (revocation and amendment to the Authorised Capital)
as well as to § 18 section 3 of the Articles of Association
(Remuneration of the Supervisory Board) were resolved upon. 
In addition,  the Supervisory Board resolved to amend the wording of the Articles of Association relating to the stock capital
and the Contingent Capital (§ 4 section 1,  § 4 section 5 of the
Articles of Association) based upon the cancellation of shares
and the issuance of new shares within the Management Share
Option Plan (MSOP). 
As the authorisation pursuant to Authorised Capital 2005 /I
expires in June 2010,  the Executive Board and Supervisory
Board expect to propose a new resolution on Authorised
Capital at the 2009 Annual General Meeting. 
As the authorisation to repurchase adidas AG shares may only
be granted by the Annual General Meeting for a maximum of
18 months,  it is common practice to propose to each Annual
General Meeting that the currently valid resolution be replaced
by a new authorisation.  In light of this,  the Executive Board also
intends to ask the Annual General Meeting 2009 to issue a new
authorisation to repurchase adidas AG shares. 
The change-of-control clause contained in the convertible bond
follows common practice for the protection of bondholders. 

098

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
Group Business Performance — Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 of the German Commercial Code and Explanatory Report — Business Performance by Segment — adidas Business Performance 
adidas Business Performance 
adidas at a glance 
In 2008,  sales growth in the adidas segment
exceeded Management's initial expectations. 
Profitability developed in line with expectations. 
Currency-neutral sales in the adidas segment
increased 14%.  In euro terms,  segment sales
grew 10% to € 7821 billion in 2008 from
€ 7113 billion in 2007.  Gross margin increased
12 percentage points to a record annual level of
486% (2007: 474%).  This was mainly driven by
an improving regional mix,  further own-retail
expansion and a more favourable product mix. 
Gross profit grew 13% to € 3802 billion in 2008
from € 3370 billion in 2007.  As a result of the
positive gross margin development and stable
net other operating expenses and income
as a percentage of sales,  operating margin
increased 11 percentage points to 140% (2007:
129%).  Operating profit increased 19% to
€ 1098 billion in 2008 versus € 920 million
in 2007. 

€ in millions
2008

Net sales
Gross profit
Gross margin
Operating profit
Operating margin 
2007

Change 
7821
3802
486%
1098
140%

7113
3370
474%
920
129%

10%
13%
12pp
19%
11pp 
adidas net sales by quarter
€ in millions
Q1 2007

1819

Q1 2008

1968

Q2 2007

1635

Q2 2008

1818

Q3 2007

2012

Q3 2008

2218

Q4 2007

1648

Q4 2008

1817

Acquisition of Textronics,  Inc. 
In September 2008,  the adidas segment acquired US-based
Textronics,  Inc.  Textronics is a specialist in the development of
wearable sensors for use in fitness monitoring.  The acquisition
did not have a material impact on adidas results in 2008. 
Currency-neutral segment sales grow 14%
In 2008,  revenues for the adidas segment grew 14% on a
currency-neutral basis.  This development clearly exceeded
Management's initial expectation of a high-single-digit sales
increase.  Currency-neutral footwear,  apparel and hardware
revenues all increased at double-digit rates.  Currency translation effects negatively impacted segment revenues in euro
terms.  adidas sales grew 10% in euro terms to € 7821 billion
in 2008 from € 7113 billion in 2007. 
Currency-neutral adidas sales grow at double-digit
rates in nearly all regions
In 2008,  currency-neutral sales for the adidas segment grew
at double-digit rates in all regions except North Americawhere sales declined.  Revenues in Europe grew 13% on a
currency-neutral basis,  mainly driven by double-digit increases
in emerging markets.  Currency-neutral adidas sales in North
America decreased 3% as a result of the difficult retail environment in the USA.  Sales in Asia improved 24% on a currencyneutral basis,  due to double-digit increases in nearly all major
markets,  in particular China.  In Latin America,  currencyneutral sales grew 21%,  driven by double-digit increases in all
markets. 

2008 adidas net sales by division 
Sport Style 
Sport
Performance 
20%

Currency translation effects negatively impacted sales in euro
terms in all regions.  Sales in Europe grew 10% in euro terms
to € 3879 billion in 2008 from € 3526 billion in 2007.  Revenues in North America decreased 10% to € 1149 billion in
2008 from € 1275 billion in 2007.  Sales in Asia increased 23%
to € 2090 billion in 2008 from € 1703 billion in 2007,  and revenues in Latin America improved 16% to € 660 million in 2008
versus € 568 million in the prior year. 

80%

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

099

Sport Performance up 15% on a currency-neutral basis
Sales in the Sport Performance division increased 15% on a
currency-neutral basis in 2008.  The key categories identified
by brand management as medium-term growth drivers
see
adidas Strategy,  p.  048 all grew at a double-digit rate with particularly strong increases in the running and football categories.  In
euro terms,  Sport Performance sales improved 11% in 2008 to
€ 6250 billion from € 5608 billion in the prior year. 

2008 adidas net sales by region 
Latin America
Europe 
North America 15%

Sport Style increases 10% on a currency-neutral basis
Sales in the Sport Style division increased 10% on a currencyneutral basis in 2008.  Sales increased in both Originals and
Fashion (which includes Y-3 and Porsche Design).  The launch
of Style Essentials
see adidas Strategy,  p.  048 also contributed
to this development.  In euro terms,  Sport Style sales grew 6%
to € 1535 billion in 2008 (2007: € 1455 billion). 
Currency-neutral own-retail sales up 24%
In 2008,  adidas own-retail sales increased 24% on a currencyneutral basis.  In euro terms,  revenues grew 17% to € 1432 billion from € 1229 billion in 2007.  This increase was driven by
new store openings and mid-single-digit increases in comparable store sales.  adidas own-retail activities made up 18%
of adidas brand sales in 2008,  up from 17% in the prior year. 
At December 31,  2008,  the total number of adidas stores was
1332,  representing an increase of 329 (2007: 1003 stores).  The
majority of new stores were opened in emerging markets with
under-developed retail infrastructure.  The major opening in
2008 was the world's biggest adidas store in Beijing.  The store
base at the end of 2008 comprised 796 concept stores,  381 factory outlets,  150 concession corners and 5 e-commerce stores. 

100

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
8%

50%

Asia 
27%

2008 adidas own-retail sales by channel 
Factory Outlets 47%

Business Performance by Segment — adidas Business Performance 
Internet 
1%

Concession
Corners 
2%

Originals
Concept Stores 6%

Sport Performance
Concept Stores 44%

Full year gross margin improves to record level of 486%
The adidas segment gross margin increased 12 percentage
points to 486% in 2008 from 474% in 2007.  This is the highest
annual gross margin in the adidas segment since the IPO in
1995.  This development was in line with Management's initial
expectation of a gross margin improvement.  The increase
was primarily driven by an improving regional mix,  further
own-retail expansion and a more favourable product mix.  As a
result,  adidas gross profit grew 13% to € 3802 billion in 2008
versus € 3370 billion in 2007. 
Royalty and commission income stable
In 2008,  adidas royalty and commission income remained
stable at € 80 million (2007: € 80 million).  Royalty and commission income relates to items such as cosmetics,  watches
and eyewear. 

adidas own-retail stores 
2008

Sport Performance Concept Stores 
2007

652

459
Originals Concept Stores
Sport Style Concept Stores 
140


Factory Outlets 
381

317

Concession Corners
Internet 
150


142


Total 
1332

83

1003

Net other operating expenses and income stable
Net other operating expenses and income as a percentage of sales in the adidas segment remained stable at 356%
(2007: 356%).  Despite higher marketing expenses related to
the UEFA EURO 2008™ and the Beijing 2008 Olympic Gamesmarketing working budget as a percentage of net sales
decreased slightly compared to the prior year as a result of the
segment's strong sales growth.  In 2008,  the adidas segment
had higher operating overhead costs as a percentage of salesmainly due to higher sales expenses in emerging markets
related to sales growth.  In euro terms,  net other operating
expenses and income grew 10% to € 2784 billion in 2008 from
€ 2530 billion in 2007. 
Operating margin increases to 140%
In 2008,  the adidas operating margin increased 11 percentage
points to 140% (2007: 129%).  This development was in line
with Management's initial expectation of an operating margin
improvement.  The increase results from gross margin expansion and stable net other operating expenses and income as
 percentage of sales.  Operating profit for the adidas segment
increased 19% to € 1098 billion in 2008 versus € 920 million
during the same period in the prior year. 

adidas gross margin by quarter
in %
Q1 2007

472

Q1 2008

490

Q2 2007

461

Q2 2008

483

Q3 2007

493

Q3 2008

498

Q4 2007

464

Q4 2008

470

adidas operating profit by quarter
€ in millions
Q1 2007

270

Q1 2008

336

Q2 2007

191

Q2 2008

175

Q3 2007

395

Q3 2008
Q4 2007
Q4 2008

439
64
147

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

101

Reebok Business Performance 
Reebok at a glance 
In 2008,  the Reebok segment was impacted by
the deteriorating economic environment in key
markets and ongoing efforts to improve the
positioning of the Reebok brand.  Sales and
profitability both developed below Management's initial expectations.  Currency-neutral
sales for the Reebok segment decreased 2%. 
In euro terms,  segment sales decreased 8% to
€ 2148 billion in 2008 from € 2333 billion in
2007.  The gross margin of the Reebok segment
declined by 17 percentage points to 370% in
2008 from 387% in 2007.  This was mainly a
result of higher clearance sales in the second
half of the year,  compared to the previous year. 
Gross profit decreased 12% to € 795 million in
2008 versus € 902 million in 2007.  Reebok's
operating margin declined by 50 percentage
points to negative 03% in 2008 from positive
47% in the prior year.  This was due to the
decline in gross margin and the increase in
net other operating expenses and income as
 percentage of sales.  As a result,  Reebok's
operating profit decreased to negative € 7 million in 2008 versus positive € 109 million in the
prior year. 

€ in millions 
102

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
2008

Net sales
Gross profit
Gross margin
Operating profit
Operating margin 
2007

Change 
2148
795
370%
(7)
(03%)

2333
902
387%
109
47%

(8%)
(12%)
(17pp)
(106%)
(50pp)

Segment sales decline 2% on a currency-neutral basis
In 2008,  sales for the Reebok segment decreased 2% on a
currency-neutral basis.  This development was below Management's initial expectation of a low- to mid-single-digit sales
increase.  Currency-neutral footwear sales were stable
compared to the prior year.  Currency-neutral apparel saleshowever,  decreased,  while hardware sales increased.  Currency
translation effects negatively impacted segment revenues in
euro terms.  Sales decreased 8% to € 2148 billion in 2008 from
€ 2333 billion in 2007. 

Reebok net sales by quarter
€ in millions
Q1 2007
Q1 2008
Q2 2007
Q2 2008

524
454
514
469

Q3 2007

728

Q3 2008

665

Q4 2007

567

Q4 2008

561

Business Performance by Segment — Reebok Business Performance 
New companies in Latin America impact
sales and royalties
Effective April 1,  2008,  the adidas Group acquired 9999% of
the shares of Reebok Productos Esportivos Brasil Ltda.  (formerly Comercial Vulcabras Ltda. ),  the distribution company
for Reebok products in Brazil and Paraguay.  Effective June 22008,  Reebok also founded a new company in Argentina,  in
which the adidas Group holds 9999% of the shares.  This was
part of the Group's strategy to bring the Reebok brand under
direct control in all regions. 

Growth in emerging markets offset by lower sales
in mature markets
In 2008,  currency-neutral Reebok segment sales increased
in both Asia and Latin America,  but decreased in Europe and
North America.  In Europe,  currency-neutral sales declined
3%,  mainly as a result of a decline in the UK.  This development
could only be partly offset by strong growth in the region's
emerging markets,  such as Russia.  Currency-neutral revenues
in North America were down 16% as a result of declines in both
the USA and Canada.  In Asia,  currency-neutral sales increased
7%.  Double-digit growth in India and China was partly offset
by a decline in Japan.  Currency-neutral sales in Latin America
increased 192%,  due to the first-time consolidation of Reebok's
new companies in the second quarter of 2008. 

Currency translation effects negatively impacted sales in
euro terms in all regions.  In euro terms,  segment sales in
Europe decreased 8% to € 691 million in 2008 from € 748 million in 2007.  In North America,  revenues declined 22% to
€ 964 million in 2008 from € 1231 billion in 2007.  Sales in Asia
decreased 1% to € 267 million in 2008 (2007: € 269 million)and in Latin America revenues increased 170% to € 226 million
in 2008 (2007: € 84 million). 

2008 Reebok net sales by division 
ReebokCCM Hockey
Reebok 
9%

80%

Currency-neutral sales of brand Reebok stable
Brand Reebok sales were almost unchanged compared to the
prior year on a currency-neutral basis.  An increase in the running category was offset by declines in lifestyle and in most
major sports categories.  In euro terms,  sales decreased 6% to
€ 1717 billion (2007: € 1831 billion). 

Rockport 
11%

2008 Reebok net sales by region
Currency-neutral sales of Reebok-CCM Hockey down 6%
Sales of Reebok-CCM Hockey decreased 6% on a currencyneutral basis in 2008.  This was due to the decline in the
licensed jersey business compared to the prior year.  In euro
terms,  sales decreased 11% to € 188 million in 2008 versus
€ 210 million in the prior year. 
Rockport sales decline 10% on a currency-neutral basis
Rockport sales decreased 10% on a currency-neutral basis
in 2008.  This mainly reflects the challenging market environment in the USA,  in particular in the department store and
mall-based retail channels.  In euro terms,  Rockport revenues
decreased 17% to € 243 million in 2008 (2007: € 291 million). 

Latin America 11%
North America 45%

Asia 
Europe 
Currency-neutral own-retail sales grow 17%
In 2008,  Reebok own-retail sales grew 17% on a currencyneutral basis.  In euro terms,  revenues increased 8% to
€ 379 million from € 350 million in 2007.  The increase was
largely driven by new store openings in emerging marketsespecially Russia.  Reebok own-retail activities made up 18% of
Reebok segment sales in 2008,  up from 15% in the prior year. 
The share of own-retail activities as a percentage of brand
sales at Rockport was significantly above the segment average. 
During the year,  the number of Reebok and Rockport stores
increased by 123 to 647 (2007: 524).  The store base at the end
of 2008 comprised 253 concept stores and 327 factory outlets. 
Reebok segment gross margin declines 17 percentage points
The gross margin of the Reebok segment decreased 17 percentage points to 370% in 2008 from 387% in 2007.  This
development was below Management's initial expectation of a
gross margin increase.  The segment gross margin was negatively affected by clearance initiatives in particular in the USA
and the UK in the second half of the year.  Reebok gross profit
decreased 12% to € 795 million in 2008 versus € 902 million in
2007. 

12%

32%

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

103

Reebok gross margin by quarter
in %
Q1 2007

368

Q1 2008

371

Q2 2007

391

Q2 2008

412

Q3 2007

402

Q3 2008

364

Q4 2007

Net other operating expenses and income increase
Net other operating expenses and income as a percentage
of sales increased by 29 percentage points to 387% in 2008
versus 358% in 2007.  Reebok's revenue decline in 2008 could
not be offset by a corresponding reduction in costs.  On an
absolute basis,  Reebok's net other operating expenses and
income decreased modestly to € 831 million in 2008 from
€ 835 million in the prior year. 

381

Q4 2008

Royalty and commission income decreases
In 2008,  Reebok royalty and commission income decreased
29% to € 30 million from € 42 million in the prior year.  The
decline was largely due to the non-recurrence of royalties
from distribution partners in Brazil /Paraguay and Argentina. 
The distribution partnerships in these countries were replaced
by own companies whose sales were consolidated for the
first time in 2008.  Reebok's royalty and commission income
primarily relates to royalty income for fitness equipment. 

341

Reebok operating profit by quarter 
Q1 2007



Q1 2008

(13)

Q2 2007

(1)

Q2 2008

(11)

Q3 2007

84

Q3 2008

25

Q4 2007

104

2008

Concept Stores 
21

Lower operating margin
In 2008,  the operating margin of the Reebok segment
decreased by 50 percentage points to negative 03% from
positive 47% in the prior year.  This development was below
Management's initial expectation of an operating margin
increase.  This was due to a lower gross margin and higher
net other operating expenses and income as a percentage
of sales.  As a result,  Reebok's operating profit decreased to
negative € 7 million in 2008 versus positive € 109 million in
the prior year. 

Factory Outlets 
Total 
(9)

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
2007

253
164

Concession Corners 
€ in millions 
Q4 2008

Reebok own-retail stores 
Business Performance by Segment — Reebok Business Performance — TaylorMade-adidas Golf Business Performance 
327

287

67

73

647

524

TaylorMade-adidas Golf Business
Performance
In 2008,  sales growth in the TaylorMade-adidas
Golf segment exceeded Management's initial
expectations.  Profitability developed in line with
expectations.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf revenues
increased 7% on a currency-neutral basis.  In
euro terms,  segment sales increased 1% to
€ 812 million in 2008 from € 804 million in
2007.  The segment's gross margin decreased
05 percentage points to 443% (2007: 447%). 
This was mainly a result of lower margins in
metalwoods.  Gross profit remained almost
stable at € 359 million (2007: € 360 million). 
The segment's operating margin increased
15 percentage points to 96% (2007: 81%).  This
was due to lower net other operating expenses
and income as a percentage of sales which
more than offset the decrease in gross margin. 
As a result,  operating profit increased 20% to
€ 78 million from € 65 million in 2007. 

TaylorMade-adidas Golf at a glance
€ in millions
2008

Net sales
Gross profit
Gross margin
Operating profit
Operating margin 
2007

Change 
812
359
443%
78
96%

804
360
447%
65
81%

1%
(0%)
(05pp)
20%
15pp 
Acquisition of Ashworth has no significant impact
on sales in 2008
In November 2008,  the TaylorMade-adidas Golf segment
acquired Ashworth,  Inc.,  a leader in cotton casual golf apparel. 
The Ashworth consolidation did not have a significant impact
on the segment's sales.  This transaction positively impacted
the operating profit of the TaylorMade-adidas Golf segment
due to a one-time book gain of € 21 million.  However,  this
was partially offset by restructuring costs and other one-time
expenses of € 7 million. 

TaylorMade-adidas Golf net sales by quarter
€ in millions
Q1 2007

180

Q1 2008

191

Q2 2007

239

Q2 2008

226

Q3 2007

190

Q3 2008

Currency-neutral sales increase 7%
In 2008,  currency-neutral sales at TaylorMade-adidas Golf
increased 7%.  This development exceeded Management's
initial expectations of mid-single-digit growth.  Double-digit
growth in adidas Golf and categories such as golf balls and
putters more than offset a decline in metalwoods.  Currency
translation effects negatively impacted segment revenues
in euro terms.  Segment sales in euro terms increased 1% to
€ 812 million in 2008 from € 804 million in 2007. 

197

Q4 2007

195

Q4 2008

198

2008 TaylorMade-adidas Golf net sales by product 
Metalwoods 
38%

Footwear 
Apparel
Other
hardware 1)

Maxfli divestiture impacts reported results
Compared to the prior year,  financial results of the TaylorMadeadidas Golf segment in 2008 do not include the results of the
Maxfli business.  This reflects the divestiture of the Maxfli brand
on February 11,  2008.  Maxfli was divested to improve the focus
of the segment's golf ball business under the TaylorMade
brand.  The operating profit of the TaylorMade-adidas Golf
segment was positively impacted by a one-time book gain of
€ 5 million. 

9%

20%

33%

1) Includes irons,  putters,  golf balls,  golf bags,  gloves and other accessories. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

105

Currency-neutral revenues grow at double-digit
rates in almost all regions
TaylorMade-adidas Golf currency-neutral sales grew in all
regions in 2008.  Sales in Europe increased 17% on a currencyneutral basis,  driven by double-digit growth in all major countries,  in particular in the UK.  In North America,  sales increased
3% on a currency-neutral basis,  due to growth in both the USA
and Canada.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf sales in Asia increased
10% on a currency-neutral basis,  driven by double-digit growth
in Japan,  China and South Korea.  In Latin America,  currencyneutral sales grew 38%,  driven by double-digit growth in all
major countries. 
Currency translation effects negatively impacted segment revenues in euro terms.  In euro terms,  sales in Europe remained
stable at € 95 million (2007: € 95 million).  Revenues in North
America decreased 4% to € 405 million in 2008 from € 422 million in 2007.  In Asia,  sales grew 8% to € 305 million in 2008
(2007: € 282 million),  and in Latin America revenues increased
28% to € 7 million in 2008 (2007: € 6 million). 
Gross margin decreases to 443%
TaylorMade-adidas Golf gross margin decreased 05 percentage points to 443% in 2008 (2007: 447%).  This development
was below Management's initial expectation of a gross margin
improvement.  The decrease was mainly due to lower metalwood margins as a result of the promotional environment
in this category,  in particular in the second half of the year. 
However,  this was partly offset by a strong increase in golf ball
margins.  Gross profit remained almost stable at € 359 million
(2007: € 360 million). 

2008 TaylorMade-adidas Golf net sales by region 
1%

Latin America
North America 50%

12%

Europe 
37%

Asia 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf gross margin by quarter
in %
Q1 2007

439

Q1 2008

466

Q2 2007

447

Q2 2008

464

Q3 2007

443

Q3 2008

Royalty and commission expenses increase 13%
Royalty and commission expenses at TaylorMade-adidas Golf
increased 13% to € 20 million in 2008 (2007: € 18 million).  This
development was driven by higher adidas Golf sales,  which
generated higher intra-Group royalties paid to the adidas
segment. 

429

Q4 2007

Net other operating expenses and income decrease
Net other operating expenses and income as a percentage of
sales at TaylorMade-adidas Golf decreased 23 percentage
points to 321% in 2008 from 344% in 2007.  This improvement
was mainly due to one-time book gains of € 21 million from
the acquisition of Ashworth and € 5 million from the divestiture
of the Maxfli business.  In absolute terms,  net other operating
expenses and income decreased 6% to € 261 million in 2008
from € 277 million in 2007. 
Operating margin expands by 15 percentage points
The TaylorMade-adidas Golf operating margin increased
15 percentage points to 96% in 2008 from 81% in 2007.  This
development was in line with Management's initial expectation
of an operating margin improvement.  This is mainly a result
of lower net other operating expenses and income as a percentage of sales which more than compensated for the gross
margin decline.  Consequently,  operating profit for TaylorMadeadidas Golf increased 20% to € 78 million in 2008 versus
€ 65 million in 2007. 

460

Q4 2008

410

TaylorMade-adidas Golf operating profit by quarter
€ in millions
Q1 2007

(1)

Q1 2008

23

Q2 2007

27

Q2 2008

19

Q3 2007
Q3 2008

15
11

Q4 2007

106

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
24

Q4 2008

24

Business Performance by Segment — TaylorMade-adidas Golf Business Performance — Risk and Opportunity Report 
Risk and Opportunity Report
The adidas Group continuously explores and
develops opportunities to sustain and maximise
earnings and also to drive long-term increases
in shareholder value.  In doing so,  we acknowledge that it is necessary to take certain risks to
maximise business opportunities.  Our risk and
opportunity management principles provide the
framework for our Group to conduct business
in a well-controlled environment. 

Risk and opportunity management principles
The adidas Group is regularly confronted with risks and opportunities which have the potential to negatively or positively
impact the Group's asset value,  earnings,  cash flow strengthor intangible values such as brand image.  We have summarised the most important of these risks and opportunities in
this report in three main categories: External and IndustryStrategic and Operational,  and Financial. 
We define risk as the potential occurrence of external or internal events that may negatively impact our ability to achieve
short-term goals or long-term strategies.  Risks also include
lost or poorly utilised opportunities. 
Opportunities are broadly defined as internal and external
strategic and operational developments that have the potential
to positively impact the Group if properly exploited. 

Risk and opportunity management system
To facilitate effective management,  we have implemented an
integrated management system which focuses on the identification,  assessment,  treatment,  controlling and reporting
of risks and opportunities.  The key objective of this system
is to protect and further grow shareholder value through
an opportunity-focused,  but risk-aware decision-making
framework. 
We believe that risk and opportunity management is optimised
when risks,  risk-compensating measures and opportunities are identified and assessed where they arise,  in conjunction with a concerted approach to controlling,  aggregating
and reporting.  Therefore,  risk and opportunity management
is a Group-wide activity,  which utilises critical day-to-day
management insight from local and regional business units. 
Support and strategic direction is provided by brand and global
functions.  Centralised risk management is responsible for
the alignment of various corporate functions in the risk and
opportunity management process and coordinates the involvement of the Executive and Supervisory Boards as necessary. 
Centralised risk management is also responsible for providing
line management with relevant tools and know-how to aggregate and control risks and opportunities utilising a consistent
methodology. 

adidas Group risk and opportunity management system 
Supervisory and Executive Boards 
Central risk management 
Brand and headquarter functions
Reporting 
Risk and opportunity aggregation 
Treatment 
Identification 
Controlling 
Assessment 
Of significant importance is our Group's Risk Management
Manual,  which is available to all Group employees online.  The
manual outlines the principles,  processes,  tools,  risk areas
and key responsibilities within our Group.  It also defines
reporting requirements and communication timelines.  Our
Group supplements this top-down,  bottom-up approach to
risk and opportunity management by employing our Global
Internal Audit department to independently assess and
appraise operational and internal controls throughout the
Group. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

107

The main components of our risk and opportunity management
process are:
— Risk and opportunity identification: The adidas Group continuously monitors the macroeconomic environment,  developments in the sporting goods industry,  as well as internal processes to identify risks and opportunities as early as possible. 
Local and regional business units have primary responsibility
for the identification and management of risk and opportunities.  Central risk management has defined a catalogue of
potential risks and opportunities for our Group to assist in
the identification process.  In addition to the potential financial
impacts from changes in the overall macroeconomic,  political
and social landscape,  each business unit actively monitors
brand,  distribution channel and price point developments in
our core sport,  leisure lifestyle and sport fusion markets.  A key
element of the identification process is primary qualitative and
quantitative research such as trend scouting,  consumer surveys and feedback from our business partners and controlled
space network.  These efforts are supported by global market
research and competitor analysis.  Here,  secondary material
such as NPD Sports Tracking Europe market research data
is analysed and global relationships with independent trend
and media agencies such as Trendwatching, com are maintained.  Through this process we seek to identify the marketscategories,  consumer target groups and product styles which
show most potential for future growth at a local,  regional and
global level.  Equally,  our analysis focuses on those areas that
are at risk of saturation,  increased competition or changing
consumer tastes. 

108

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
— Risk and opportunity assessment: Identified risks and
opportunities are assessed with respect to (1) occurrence
probability,  and (2) potential contribution to loss or profitwith contribution being defined as operating profit before
intra-Group royalties.  The occurrence probability of individual risks and opportunities is evaluated on a scale of 0 to
100% likelihood.  In this report,  we summarise these findings by utilising 'high",  'medium" or 'low" classifications to
represent an aggregate likelihood for various risk and opportunity categories.  As risks and opportunities have different
characteristics,  we have defined separate methodologies for
assessing the potential financial impact.  With respect to risksthe extent of potential loss is measured on a case-by-case
basis as the contribution deviation from the most recent forecast under the assumption that the risk fully materialises.  This
calculation also reflects the effects from risk-compensating
measures.  In assessing the potential contribution from
opportunities,  each opportunity is appraised with respect to
viability,  commerciality,  potential risks and the expected profit
contribution.  This approach is applied to longer-term strategic
prospects but also to shorter-term tactical and opportunistic
initiatives at both the Group and,  more extensively,  the brand
level. 
— Risk and opportunity treatment: Risks and opportunities
are treated in accordance with the Group's risk and opportunity
management principles as described in the Risk Management
Manual.  Line management in cooperation with central
risk management and,  in exceptional cases,  the Executive
Board and /or Supervisory Board,  decides which individual
risks we accept or avoid and the opportunities to pursue or
forgo.  As part of this process,  we also decide on which riskcompensating or transfer measures will be implemented. 
Similarly,  to maximise opportunities,  it may be necessary to
reduce or limit distribution to protect prices and margins or
prolong product lifecycles.  In some cases,  we also seek to
transfer the responsibility or execution for certain risks and
opportunities to third parties (e.g.  insurance,  outsourcingdistribution agreements or brand sub-licensing). 

Risk and Opportunity Report 
— Risk and opportunity monitoring and controlling: A primary
objective of our integrated risk and opportunity management
system is to increase the transparency of Group risks and
opportunities.  In addition,  we also seek to measure the success of our risk-compensating initiatives.  The Group centrally
monitors each of these efforts on a frequent basis.  In particular,  central risk management regularly examines the results
of actions taken by operational management to accept,  avoidreduce or transfer risks over time.  With respect to opportunities,  we regularly monitor the objectives and key performance indicators established during the initial identification
and evaluation process.  This not only facilitates the validation
of opportunities but also allows us to adapt and refine our
products,  communication and distribution strategy to ongoing
developments in our rapidly changing marketplace.  In particular,  we collaborate with our manufacturing partners and retail
customers to evaluate the impact of our growth and efficiency
initiatives.  Feedback is relayed in a timely manner to productmarketing and controlling functions. 
— Risk and opportunity aggregation and reporting: Central
risk management aggregates Group-wide risks and reports
them to the Executive Board on a regular basis.  Individual risks
are aggregated based on the sum of all assessed risks (sum of
occurrence likelihood × potential net loss),  taking correlations
between individual risks into account.  Risks with a likely impact
of at least € 1 million on the forecasted full year contribution
are reported to central risk management on a monthly basis. 
In addition,  risks with a likely financial impact of € 5 million or
more are required to be reported immediately upon identification to central risk management.  Opportunities are aggregated separately as part of the strategic business planningbudgeting and forecasting processes.  The realisation of risks
and opportunities can have a critical impact on our ability to
achieve our strategic objectives.  Therefore,  Management is
updated in regular business reviews,  but also through ad hoc
discussions as appropriate. 

Corporate risk overview 
External and Industry Risks 
Probability
of occurrence 
Potential
financial
impact 
External and industry risks
Macroeconomic risks
Consumer demand risks
Industry consolidation risks
Political and regulatory risks
Legal risks
Risk from product counterfeiting and imitation
Social and environmental risks
Natural risks 
High
Medium
High
Low
Low
High
Low
Low 
High
Medium
Medium
Medium
Medium
Low
Low
Low 
Strategic & operational risks
Portfolio integration risks
Risks from loss of brand image
Own-retail risks
Risks from rising input costs
Supplier default risks
Product quality risks
Customer risks
Risk from loss of key promotion partnerships
Product design and development risks
Personnel risks
Risks from non-compliance
IT risks 
Low
Medium
Medium
Medium
Low
Low
Medium
Medium
Low
Low
Low
Low 
Low
Medium
Medium
Medium
Low
Low
Medium
Low
High
Medium
Medium
High 
Financial risks
Credit risks
Financing and liquidity risks
Currency risks
Interest rate risks 
Medium
Low
Medium
Low 
Medium
High
Medium
Low 
Macroeconomic risks
Growth of the sporting goods industry is influenced by consumer confidence and consumer spending.  Abrupt economic
downturns,  in particular in regions where the Group is highly
represented,  therefore pose a significant short-term risk to
sales development.  To mitigate this risk,  the Group strives
to balance sales across key global regions and also between
developed and emerging markets.  In addition,  a core element of our performance positioning is the utilisation of an
extensive global event and partnership portfolio where demand
is more predictable and less sensitive to macroeconomic
influence. 
In 2009,  the Group expects global economic growth to slow
considerably.  North America and Europe are expected to
remain in recession
see Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  120. 
Economic expansion in emerging markets,  including ChinaRussia and India,  is expected to continue,  albeit at a more
moderate rate compared to prior years.  These markets have
overtaken North America and Western Europe as the largest
contributors to Group revenue growth.  As a result of the
current global macroeconomic uncertainty,  we now assess the
likelihood that adverse macroeconomic events could impact
our business as high.  We also now assess the potential financial impact of such events as high. 

Consumer demand risks
Failure to anticipate and respond to changes in consumer
demand for sporting goods products is one of the most serious
threats to our industry.  Consumer demand changes can be
sudden and unexpected.  Because industry product procurement cycles average 12 to 18 months,  the Group faces a risk of
short-term revenue loss in cases where it is unable to respond
quickly to such changes.  Even more critical,  however,  is the
risk of continuously overlooking a new consumer trend or failing to acknowledge its potential magnitude over a sustained
period of time. 
To mitigate this risk,  continually identifying and responding to
consumer demand shifts as early as possible is a key responsibility of our brands.  In this respect,  we utilise extensive primary and secondary research tools as outlined in our risk and
opportunity identification process. 
As a leader in our industry,  our core brand strategies continue
to be focused on influencing rather than reacting to the changing consumer environment.  We invest significant resources in
research and development to innovate and bring fresh new
technologies and designs to market
see Research and Development,  p.  074.  In addition,  we also seek to enhance consumer
demand for our brands and brand initiatives through extensive
marketing,  product and brand communication programmes. 
And we continue to focus on supply chain improvements to
speed up creation-to-shelf timelines
see Global Operationsp.  064.  In 2009,  the adidas Group will continue to refine the
Reebok brand's communication programme in alignment with
see Reebok Strategy,  p.  052. 
the brand's positioning
Given the broad spectrum of our Group's product offeringretailer feedback,  visibility provided through our order backlogs and other early indicators
see Internal Group Management System,  p.  058,  we view the overall risk from consumer
demand shifts as unchanged versus the prior year.  Changes
in consumer demand continue to have a medium likelihood of
occurrence and could have a potential medium impact on our
Group. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

109

Industry consolidation risks
The adidas Group is exposed to risks from market consolidation and strategic alliances amongst competitors and /or retailers.  This can result in a reduction of our bargaining power,  or
harmful competitive behaviour such as price wars.  Abnormal
product discounting and reduced shelf space availability from
retailers are the most common potential outcomes of these
risks.  Sustained promotional pressure in one of the Group's
key markets could threaten the Group's sales and profitability
development. 
To moderate this risk,  we are committed to maintaining a
regionally balanced sales mix and continually adapting the
Group's distribution strategy. 
The economic slowdown in 2008 and negative outlook for 2009
may put further pressure on the sporting goods industry to
consolidate.  Several retailers and competitors released declining sales and earnings and reported financial difficulties during
the year.  Therefore,  we now see risks from market consolidation as having a high likelihood of occurrence.  We continue to
view the potential impact on both Group sales and profitability
as medium. 
Political and regulatory risks
Political and regulatory risks include potential losses from
expropriation,  nationalisation,  civil unrest,  terrorism and
significant changes to trade policies.  In particular,  the adidas
Group faces risks arising from sudden increases of import
restrictions,  import tariffs and duties that could compromise
the free flow of goods within the Group and from suppliers. 
To limit these risks,  we proactively utilise a regionally diversified supplier base which establishes a certain protection
against unforeseen changes in regulations and also allows
us to shift production to other countries at an early stage if
see Global Operations,  p.  064. 
necessary 
as anti-dumping measures on a broader scale.  For examplein December 2008,  Brazil opened a formal anti-dumping
investigation into certain footwear originating in China.  Similarly,  since October 2008,  the EU Commission is reviewing
the existing anti-dumping measures against leather-upper
footwear from China and Vietnam upon request of a group of
footwear producers.  During the investigation period,  which is
expected to last for most of 2009,  the existing anti-dumping
duties remain in place.  The majority of our offering is technical athletic footwear.  As these products are not affected by the
measure,  the current financial impact is minor and we have
adapted our sourcing activities accordingly. 
With regard to the medium-term risks of regulatory actionswe still continue to expect a carefully and interest-balanced
global trade policy by the governments.  One such example in
the USA are potential new regulations pertaining to the preclearance and potential scanning of all transport containers
at foreign ports prior to departure/arrival in the USA.  These
may require additional infrastructure investments to make
our Group compliant with these initiatives.  However,  we do not
expect the financial implications to be overly significant beyond
the initial investment in systems to comply with the regulations.  Therefore,  we continue to regard the medium-term risk
of further political and regulatory actions as having a low probability of occurrence.  Nevertheless,  an unexpected significant
change in the political and regulatory environment could have
 medium potential financial impact. 

At the end of 2008,  nearly all apparel-specific safeguard
measures against China have expired based on the World
Trade Organization (WTO) accession agreements.  Howeverdue to the current general economic climate,  there are tendencies amongst various governments to seek protection
against imports by applying trade defence instruments,  such 
110

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
Risk and Opportunity Report 
Legal risks
The adidas Group is exposed to the risk of claims and litigation
for infringement of third-party trademark,  patent and other
rights.  To reduce this risk,  new product technologies,  designs
and names are carefully researched to identify and avoid
potential conflicts with the rights of third parties.  We have
strengthened our Intellectual Property department resources
to drive further enhancements in our patent portfolio,  and in
the reviewing and analysis of third-party patents. 
Due to the safeguards in place,  we believe there continues to be
 low likelihood of our Group infringing third-party trademark
or patent rights in a material way.  Nevertheless,  we continue
to believe that litigation could have a medium financial impact
on our Group. 
Risks from product counterfeiting and imitation
As popular consumer brands which rely on technological and
design innovation as defining characteristics,  the Group's
brands are a frequent target for counterfeiting and imitation. 
To reduce the loss of sales and the potential reputation damage resulting from counterfeit products sold under our brand
names,  the adidas Group makes use of extensive legal protection (generally through registration) and works closely with law
enforcement authorities,  investigators and outside counsel. 
Although we have stepped up measures such as product security labelling with our authorised suppliers,  continued development of these measures remains a high priority for 2009 and
beyond. 
Over eight million counterfeit adidas Group products were
seized worldwide in 2008 (2007: over seven million).  In
addition,  the adidas brand was awarded a positive judgement
in a US lawsuit for imitation of the 3-Stripes trademark.  This
judgement is now under appeal by the opposing party.  Two
other lawsuits with major US retailers were settled amicably. 
We continue to regard the likelihood of sustained counterfeiting
and imitation as high in the short and medium term.  Howeverwe believe we have adequate costs budgeted to support our
ongoing efforts to successfully combat counterfeiting and
imitation.  We continue to assess the potential risk of counterfeiting and imitation to negatively impact our forecasted
financial contribution as low. 

Social and environmental risks
We have a continuing responsibility to our workers,  suppliers
and the environment.  Malpractice in these areas,  in particular
human rights violations and dubious employment practicescan have a significant impact on the reputation and operational
efficiency of our Group and our suppliers.  To limit this riskwe have established workplace standards to which suppliers
must conform before and during business relationships with
see Sustainability,  p.  067.  Internal inspections of
the Group
supplier factories verified by extensive independent audits are
conducted regularly.  In the event of non-compliance with these
standards,  we develop joint action plans and set deadlines for
compliance and further improvement.  When these deadlines
are not met,  business relations are terminated
see Sustainwww.  adidas-Group, com /sustainability. 
ability,  p.  067,  and
We expect to further strengthen our supplier monitoring programme in 2009.  As a result,  we continue to regard the risk of
social and environmental malpractice as likely in only isolated
cases and we believe the potential financial impact remains
low. 
Natural risks
The adidas Group is exposed to external risks such as natural
disasters,  epidemics,  fire and accidents.  Further,  physical
damage to our own or our suppliers' premises,  production
units,  warehouses and stock in transit can lead to property
damage and business interruption.  These risks are mitigated
by ample loss prevention measures such as working with
reliable suppliers and logistics providers who guarantee high
safety standards and disaster recovery plans.  In addition to
the considerable insurance coverage we have secured,  the
Group has also implemented contingency plans to minimise
potential negative effects. 
Our overall assessment of this risk is unchanged versus the
prior year.  As a result,  we believe the likelihood of natural risks
is low and expect only minor financial loss after insurance
compensation should natural risks materialise. 

Strategic and Operational Risks 
Portfolio integration risks
The adidas Group is exposed to risks related to the integration
of newly acquired businesses.  In our ongoing initiatives to
integrate businesses,  we face a risk of overestimating potential
revenue and cost synergies as well as organisational execution
risks.  Organisational execution risks relate,  for example,  to the
standardisation of functional business processes across the
different brands and harmonisation of the Group's IT systems. 
To mitigate these risks,  we implement dedicated integration
teams to oversee our integration activities. 
In 2008,  the adidas Group acquired several companies,  such
as Textronics,  Inc.  and Ashworth,  Inc.  While these integrations were relatively small,  the adidas Group benefited from
past experience and strong integration processes.  We therefore believe there continues to be a low likelihood of portfolio
integration risk occurrence.  And now that most of the synergies related to the Reebok integration have been realised,  we
regard the potential financial impact of these risks as low. 
Risks from loss of brand image
Maintaining and enhancing brand image and reputation
through the creation of strong brand identities is crucial for
sustaining and driving revenue and profit growth.  It is also
an important credential as we extend our brands into new
categories and regions.  The adidas Group faces considerable risk if we are unable to uphold high levels of consumer
awareness,  affiliation and purchase intent for our brands. 
To mitigate this risk,  we have defined clear mission statements,  values and goals for all our brands.  These form the
foundation of our product and brand communication strategies.  We also continually refine our product offering to meet
shifts in consumer demand and to contemporise our offering
to respond to current trends.  Central to all our brand image
initiatives is ensuring clear and consistent messaging to our
targeted consumer audience,  in particular at point-of-sale. 
Strong brand momentum at adidas and TaylorMade-adidas
Golf,  as evidenced in improving market research results,  gives
us confidence that brand image risk in both these segments
remains low. 

In 2008,  we launched several Reebok product technologies and
 new global brand campaign to improve the overall consumer
experience for the Reebok brand
see Reebok Strategy,  p.  052. 
Nevertheless,  given the difficult economic situation in North
America and Europe,  and the possibility that our revitalisation initiatives fail to improve brand image in the short termwe view the likelihood of a further reduction in brand image as
medium.  This could potentially have a high financial impact on
the sales and profitability of the Reebok segment. 
Aggregating these risks,  we continue to believe that in the
medium term brand image risk for the Group has a medium
likelihood of occurrence and also a medium potential financial
impact on our Group. 
Own-retail risks
New adidas,  Reebok and Rockport own-retail stores require
considerable up-front investment in furniture and fittings as
well as ongoing maintenance.  In addition,  own-retail activities
often require longer-term lease or rent commitments.  Own
retail also employs significantly more personnel in relation
to net sales than our wholesale business.  The higher portion
of fixed costs compared to our wholesale business implies a
larger profitability impact in cases of significant sales declines. 
The Group reduces this risk by only entering into lease contracts with a duration of less than ten years.  Store performance
is measured by a retail scorecard consisting of nine quantitative key performance indicators.  All shops are ranked by their
weighted average score.  Underperforming stores are restructured or closed as appropriate. 
The current macroeconomic situation and its impact on consumer spending increase the risk of lower performance of
our retail stores.  We therefore believe the likelihood of major
own-retail underperformance remains medium.  Due to the
strong growth of own-retail activities,  we continue to assess
the potential financial impact from own-retail underperformance,  which may also involve impairment charges and store
closures,  as medium. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

111

Risks from rising input costs
Raw material and labour costs account for approximately 70%
of the Group's cost of sales.  Prices of materials such as rubber,  and those which closely correlate with the oil price,  are
especially subject to the risk of price changes.  As our ordering process and price negotiations usually take place around
six months in advance of production,  our sourcing function
has visibility and reaction time to manage and plan for sharp
increases in input costs. 
To reduce the financial impact on our product margins from
higher sourcing costs,  we are implementing further lean
manufacturing techniques at our partner factories,  eliminating
time and cost from the procurement process,  re-engineering
our products where possible,  and selectively increasing prices
see Global Operations,  p.  064.  In addition,  in the
if necessary
medium term we have the ability to adapt our sourcing structure to take advantage of more competitive pricing in other
locations. 
During 2008,  raw material price volatility,  including record oil
prices,  and the increase in labour costs in Asia negatively
impacted our sourcing terms negotiated for 2009 production. 
As we begin planning for 2010,  although raw material pricing
has eased for the time being,  renewed increase in volatility
cannot be ruled out given the current macroeconomic uncertainty.  Therefore,  we continue to assess the medium-term risks
from rising input costs as having a medium likelihood and a
medium potential financial impact. 

Supplier default risks
Over 95% of our product offering is sourced through independent suppliers mainly located in Asia
see Global Operationsp.  064.  To reduce the risk of business interruptions following a
potential supplier default,  we work with vendors who demonstrate reliability,  quality,  innovation and continuous improvement.  In addition,  we have bought insurance coverage for the
risk of business interruptions caused by physical damage to
supplier premises.  In 2008,  the Group has again significantly
reduced the number of independent manufacturers through
see
the further rationalisation of our supplier organisation
Global Operations,  p.  064.  This exercise has allowed us to reduce
risk by simplifying our sourcing structure and focusing on the
highest-quality suppliers,  without compromising our flexibility
or competitiveness. 

Customer risks
Customer risks arise from our dependence on key customers
who have the ability to exert bargaining power and can therefore cause considerable margin pressure or cancel orders. 
These risks exist not only due to the relative size of some of our
major customers,  but also as a result of our limited ability to
influence how they conduct business and the external impacts
of the consumer environment in which they operate. 

Therefore,  we continue to assess supplier risks as having a low
likelihood of occurrence and potential financial impact. 

When necessary,  we restrict or limit the distribution of our
brands to protect brand image or product margins,  and to
streamline supply.  In 2008,  we continued our retail segmentation strategy.  By segmenting product offer to our customerswe limit the risk of increased competition which can result
in higher sales discounts.  For example,  in the course of 2008the Group decided to limit the Reebok product offering to an
important mall-based key account in North America. 

Product quality risks
The adidas Group faces a risk of selling defective productswhich may result in injury to consumers and /or image impairment.  We mitigate this risk through rigorous testing prior to
production,  close cooperation with suppliers throughout the
manufacturing process,  random testing after retail deliveryopen communication about defective products and quick
settlement of product liability claims when necessary.  In
2008,  we recalled 1000 CCM Hockey and Reebok Hockey
helmets manufactured in Canada.  The helmet's chinstrap
could unexpectedly disengage while in use,  posing a head
and neck injury risk to consumers when the helmet falls. 
No injury was reported. 
Our assessment of product quality risk remains unchanged
versus the prior year.  We regard the likelihood of significant
product liability cases or having to conduct wide-scale product
recalls as low.  As we have insurance protecting us against the
financial consequences of significant product liability cases,  we
also assess the financial impact as low. 

112

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
Risk and Opportunity Report 
To limit these risks,  we utilise a broad distribution strategy
which includes expanding our controlled space activities.  This
enables us to reduce negative consequences resulting from
sales shortfalls that can occur with key customers.  Specifically,  no customer at adidas,  Reebok and TaylorMade-adidas
Golf accounted for more than 10% of brand sales in 2008. 

Due to the challenging economic situation and difficulties at
some major sporting goods retailers in developed marketswe continue to view the risk of a strong reduction of business
with one of our brands' biggest retailers as having a medium
likelihood of occurrence.  Such an event could have a medium
financial impact on the sales and profitability of a particular
region.  On a Group level,  given the deterioration in several
markets compared to the prior year,  we now view the financial
impact from customer risks as medium. 

Risks from loss of key event or promotion partnerships
Event and promotion partnerships play an important role
in building brand image and generating sales of licensed
products.  The adidas Group faces the risk of either losing
key partnerships or having to accept unfavourable terms due
to intensified competition for attractive contracts.  During
2008,  for example,  the French Football Federation and adidas
decided not to renew their promotion partnership. 
To mitigate these inherent risks,  we regularly seek to extend
our most important partnership agreements before contract
expiry.  For example,  in 2008 adidas extended contracts with
two of the world's most recognised teams: AC Milan and the All
see adidas Strategy,  p.  048. 
Blacks
We also regularly include change-of-control clauses as well
as non-cash compensation components in contracts to avoid
the risk that negotiations are reduced solely to price.  In addition,  we follow a strategy of broadening the Group's portfolio of
premium partnerships in order to reduce our reliance on single
affiliations. 
Due to increasing competition for promotion partners witnessed over recent years,  we continue to believe there is a
medium likelihood of losing important individual promotion
contracts.  Nevertheless,  given the maturity of our most important contracts,  we assess the potential financial impact of this
risk to be low in the medium term. 

Product design and development risks
Innovative and attractive products generate strong sales and –
more importantly create a halo effect for other products.  The
speed with which new product technologies and fresh designs
are brought to market is decisive for maintaining competitive
advantage.  In 2008,  all brands generated the majority of their
sales with products which had been brought to market over
see Research and Development,  p.  074. 
the last 12 to 18 months
If the adidas Group failed to maintain a strong pipeline of
new innovative products over a sustained period of time,  we
would risk a significant sales decline.  We continue to invest in
increasing our innovational and design strength.  To ensure we
can quickly adapt to changing consumer preferences,  we focus
on streamlining research and development processes to speed
up the time to market. 
We continue to assess the occurrence probability of this riskwhich could potentially have a significant financial impact,  as
low. 
Personnel risks
The adidas Group's future success is highly dependent on our
employees and their talents.  Loss of key personnel in strategic
positions,  to competitors or others,  is therefore a significant
risk we face.  In addition,  as labour markets become increasingly competitive,  we also face the risk of being unable to
identify,  recruit and retain the most talented people that best
meet the specific needs of our Group.  To reduce this risk and
enable our employees to make use of their full potential,  we
strongly engage in developing a motivating working environment.  Our goal is to make the adidas Group the 'Employer of
Choice" within our industry.  This is supplemented by offering
attractive reward and incentive schemes as well as long-term
see Employees,  p.  070. 
career opportunities and planning
Our overall assessment of personnel risks remains unchanged
compared to the prior year.  Although we have grown our ownretail activities (where employee turnover is higher than the
Group average) and increased our employee base in emerging
markets (where higher levels of wage inflation increase the
volatility of the employment market),  the current economic
environment is likely to reduce volatility of the overall employment market.  Therefore,  we continue to regard the occurrence
likelihood of these risks as low.  Should these risks materialisethey could have a medium financial impact on our Group. 

Risks from non-compliance
We face the risk that our employees breach rules and standards that guide appropriate and responsible business behaviour.  In order to successfully manage this risk,  the Group Policy
Manual was launched at the end of 2006 to provide the framework for basic work procedures and processes.  It also includes
 Code of Conduct which stipulates that every employee shall
act ethically in compliance with the laws and regulations of
the legal systems where they conduct Group business.  During
2008,  all of our employees were trained on a Code of Conduct
e-learning tool as part of our Global Compliance Programme. 
see Corporate
All new employees are also trained on this tool
Governance Report,  p.  026.  Participation is mandatory for all
employees. 
We continue to regard the likelihood of grave misconduct as
low.  Should they materialise,  these risks could have a medium
financial impact on the Group. 
IT risks
Most of our business processes rely on IT systems,  such as
product marketing,  order management,  warehouse management,  invoice processing,  customer support or finance reporting.  A Group-wide breakdown of IT systems or a significant
loss of data could result in considerable disruptions to our
business.  Insufficient project management could delay the
execution of projects critical to the Group or make them more
expensive than planned.  To mitigate system default risk,  we
review our IT policy on a regular basis and engage in proactive maintenance and business continuity planning.  We also
ensure security of data by restricting user access and requiring
password changes every 90 days on our most critical systems. 
We perform scheduled backups several times a day and one
full backup daily,  alternating between two different data centre
locations.  In addition,  for the central enterprise resource planning system,  our contingency solution allows us to quickly
switch to a remote site if necessary without any data loss. 
System security and reliability are reviewed and tested internally and via external audits on a regular basis.  Our target
availability of 997% for major IT applications was exceeded in
2008.  IT project risks are further mitigated by implementing a
proven project methodology for all IT projects and by performing regular risk reviews for all major projects. 
We believe the risk of a major IT default continues to be low. 
Such a default,  however,  would result in a significant potential
financial impact. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

113

Financial Risks 
Credit risks
 credit risk arises if a customer or other counterparty to a
financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations. 
The adidas Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating
activities and from certain financing activities.  Credit risks
arise principally from accounts receivable and to a lesser
extent from other contractual financial obligations such as
other financial assets,  short-term bank deposits and derivasee Note 23,  p.  182.  Without taking
tive financial instruments
into account any collateral or other credit enhancements,  the
carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum
exposure to credit risk. 
At the end of 2008,  there was no relevant concentration of
credit risk by type of customer or geography.  Instead,  our
credit risk exposure is mainly influenced by individual customer characteristics.  Under the Group's credit policy,  new
customers are analysed for creditworthiness before standard
payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered.  This
review utilises external ratings from credit agencies.  Purchase
limits are also established for each customer.  Then both creditworthiness and purchase limits are monitored on an ongoing
basis.  Customers that fail to meet the Group's minimum creditworthiness are allowed to purchase products only on a prepayment basis.  Other activities to mitigate credit risks,  which
are employed on a selective basis only,  include credit insurances,  bank guarantees as well as retention of title clauses. 
The Group utilises allowance accounts for impairments that
represent our estimate of incurred credit losses with respect
to accounts receivable.  The allowance consists of two components: (1) an allowance based on historical experience of
unexpected losses established for all receivables dependent
on the ageing structure of receivables past due date,  and
(2) a specific allowance that relates to individually assessed
risk for each specific customer irrespective of ageing.  Allowance accounts are used to record impairment losses unless
our Group is satisfied that no recovery of the amount owed
is possible; at that point the amount considered irrecoverable
is written off against the receivable directly. 

114

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
At the end of 2008,  no customer at either adidas,  Reebok or
TaylorMade-adidas Golf accounted for more than 10% of
accounts receivable.  However,  compared to the prior yearthe deterioration of the economic environment and a reduction in consumer confidence is expected to increase the risk of
poor performance from retailers in 2009.  As a consequencewe believe that our overall credit risk level from customers
has increased in several key markets
see Economic and Sector
Development,  p.  080.  Therefore,  we now estimate the likelihood
and potential financial impact of credit risks from customers
as medium. 
Credit risks from other financial contractual relationships
include items such as other financial assets,  short-term bank
deposits and derivative financial instruments.  The adidas
Group Treasury department arranges currency and interest
rate hedges,  and invests cash,  with major banks of a high
credit standing throughout the world.  All banks are rated 'A–"
or higher in terms of Standard & Poor's long-term ratings (or
 comparable rating from other rating agencies).  In additionthe credit default swap premiums of our partner banks are
monitored on a weekly basis.  In case the defined threshold is
exceeded,  credit balances are shifted to banks compliant with
the limit.  During 2008,  the credit default swap premiums for
many banks increased dramatically,  indicating higher risks. 
Foreign-based adidas Group companies are authorised to
work with banks rated 'BBB+" or higher.  Only in exceptional
cases are subsidiaries authorised to work with banks rated
lower than 'BBB+".  To limit risk in these cases,  restrictions
are clearly stipulated such as maximum cash deposit levels. 
Due to the current difficulties in financial markets,  we
believe the likelihood and potential financial impact of credit
risks from these assets has increased to medium.  Nevertheless,  we believe our risk concentration is limited due to the
broad distribution of our investment business with more than
25 banks.  At December 31,  2008,  no bank accounted for more
than 16% of our investment business and the average concentration,  including subsidiaries' short-term deposits in local
banks,  was 1%. 

Risk and Opportunity Report 
Future cash outflows
€ in millions
Up to
 year 
As at December 31,  2008
Bank borrowings
incl.  commercial
paper
748
Private placements
462
Convertible bond
408
Accounts payable
1218
Other financial
liabilities
25
Derivative financial
liabilities
57
Total
2918
As at December 31,  2007
Bank borrowings
incl.  commercial
paper
198
Private placements
254
Convertible bond
10
Accounts payable
849
Other financial
liabilities
16
Derivative financial
liabilities
88
Total
1415

Between 1
and 3 years 
Between 3
and 5 years 
After
 years 
Total 
—
539
—
—

—
374
—
—

—
261
—
—

748
1636
408
1218



—



28

15
555


380


265

80
4118

—
684
408
—

—
435
—
—

—
461
—
—

198
1834
418
849







20

62
1155


444


465

160
3479

This leads to a maximum exposure of € 58 million in the event
of default of any single bank.  Furthermore,  we held derivatives
with a positive fair market value in the amount of € 213 million.  The maximum exposure to any single bank resulting from
these assets amounted to € 23 million and the average concentration was 4%. 
Financing and liquidity risks
Liquidity risks arise from not having the necessary resources
available to meet maturing liabilities with regard to timingvolume and currency structure.  In addition,  the adidas Group
faces the risk of having to accept unfavourable financing terms
due to liquidity restraints.  Our Group's Treasury department
uses an efficient cash management system to manage liquidity
risk.  At December 31,  2008,  Group cash and cash equivalents
amounted to € 244 million (2007: € 295 million).  Moreoverour Group maintains € 27 billion bilateral short-term credit
lines and a € 2 billion committed medium-term syndicated
loan facility with international banks,  which does not include
 market disruption clause.  The € 47 billion in credit lines
see
are designed to ensure sufficient liquidity at all times
Treasury,  p.  093. 
Future cash outflows arising from financial liabilities that are
recognised in the Consolidated Balance Sheet are presented
within the adjacent table.  This includes payments to settle
obligations from borrowings as well as cash outflows from
cash-settled derivatives with negative market values.  Financial
liabilities that may be settled in advance without penalty are
included on the basis of the earliest date of potential repayment.  Cash flows for variable-interest liabilities are determined with reference to the conditions at the balance sheet
date. 
Based on our available credit lines and business model,  we
continue to regard the occurrence probability of financing
and liquidity risks,  which could also lead to increased interest
costs,  as low.  Nevertheless,  failure to maintain liquidity could
have a high financial impact on Group performance. 

Currency risks
Currency risks for the adidas Group are a direct result of multicurrency cash flows within the Group.  The biggest single driver
behind this risk results from the mismatch of the currencies
required for sourcing our products versus the denominations
of our sales.  The vast majority of our sourcing expenses are
in US dollars while sales are denominated in other currencies
to a large extent most notably the euro.  Our main exposures
are presented in the adjacent table.  The exposure from firm
commitments and forecasted transactions was calculated on a
one-year basis.  The 2007 figures have been restated to provide
consistency of presentation. 
In line with IFRS 7 requirements,  we have estimated the impact
on net income and shareholders' equity based on changes in
our most important currency exchange rates.  The calculated
impacts mainly result from fair value changes of our hedging
instruments.  The analysis does not include effects that arise
from the translation of our foreign entities' financial statements into the Group's reporting currency.  The sensitivity
analysis is based on the net balance sheet exposure,  including
intercompany balances from monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies.  Moreover,  all currency
derivatives were re-evaluated using hypothetical foreign
exchange rates to determine the effects on net income and
equity.  The analysis was performed on the same basis for both
2007 and 2008. 
Based on this analysis,  a 10% increase in the euro versus the
US dollar at December 31,  2008,  would have led to a € 10 million increase in net income.  The more negative market values
of the US dollar hedges would have decreased shareholders'
equity by € 108 million.  A 10% weaker euro at December 312008 would have led to a € 13 million decrease in net income. 
Shareholders' equity would have increased by € 133 million. 
The impacts of fluctuations of the euro against the British
pound and of the US dollar against the Japanese yen on net
income and shareholders' equity are also included in accordance with IFRS requirements. 
However,  many other financial and operational variables that
could potentially reduce the effect of currency fluctuations are
excluded from the analysis.  These include:
— Interest rates and all other exchange rates are assumed
constant. 

Exposure to foreign exchange risk 1)
based on notional amounts,  € in millions
USD

323

339

(192)
(2533)
83
457
1294
(699)

(24)
299
—
(25)
(197)
77

(7)
332
—
(57)
(185)
90

(1810)

372

249

(65)
(1875)
136
562
1124
(53)

As at December 31,  2007
Exposure from firm commitments
and forecasted transactions
Balance sheet exposure including
intercompany exposure
Total gross exposure
Hedged with other cash flows
Hedged with currency options
Hedged with forward contracts
Net exposure 
JPY

(2341)

As at December 31,  2008
Exposure from firm commitments
and forecasted transactions
Balance sheet exposure including
intercompany exposure
Total gross exposure
Hedged with other cash flows
Hedged with currency options
Hedged with forward contracts
Net exposure 
GBP

15
387

0
(153)
234


258

(142)
(107)


1) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

Sensitivity analysis of foreign exchange rate changes
€ in millions
USD

GBP

JPY

EUR +10%
(108)
10
EUR 10%
133
(13)

EUR +10%
17
(1)
EUR 10%
(20)


USD +10%
22
(1)
USD 10%
(21)


EUR +10%
(111)

EUR 10%
130
(6)

EUR +10%

(1)
EUR 10%
(11)


USD +10%
28
(1)
USD 10%
(26)


As at December 31,  2008
Equity
Net income
Equity
Net income
As at December 31,  2007
Equity
Net income
Equity
Net income 
adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

115

— Exchange rates are assumed at a year-end value instead
of the more relevant sales-weighted average figure,  which we
utilise internally to better reflect both the seasonality of our
business and intra-year currency fluctuations. 
— The underlying forecasted cash flow exposure (which
the hedge instrument mainly relates to) is not required to be
revalued in this analysis. 
— Operational issues,  such as potential discounts to key
accounts,  who have high transparency regarding the impacts
of currency on our sourcing activities (due to their own
private label sourcing efforts),  are also excluded from this
presentation. 
Utilising a centralised currency risk management system,  our
Group hedges currency needs for projected sourcing requirements on a rolling 12- to 24-month basis
see Treasury,  p.  093. 
Our goal is to have the vast majority of our hedging volume
secured six months prior to the start of a given season.  In the
first half of 2008,  we took advantage of the strong euro versus
the US dollar to increase our hedging timeline from a rolling
12- to 18-month basis to a rolling 12- to 24-month basis.  In
rare instances,  hedges are contracted beyond the 24-month
horizon.  The Group also largely hedges balance sheet risks. 
Due to our strong global position,  we are able to minimise
currency risk to a large extent by utilising natural hedges. 
Nevertheless,  our net US dollar exposure after natural hedges
calculated for the next year was roughly € 25 billion at yearend 2008,  which we hedged using forward contracts,  currency
options and currency swaps.  Our Group's Treasury Policy
allows us to utilise hedging instruments,  such as currency
options or option combinations,  which provide protection
while at the same time retain the potential to benefit from
future favourable exchange rate developments in the financial
markets. 

116

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
As 2009 hedging has almost been completed,  it is clear that
conversion rates on major currencies will be similar to those
of 2008.  However,  volume forecast variances,  greater currency
volatility and a larger portion of our business in emerging markets create currency challenges in 2009.  In addition,  translation
impacts from the conversion of non-euro-denominated results
into our Group's functional currency,  the euro,  could lead to a
material negative or positive impact on our Group's financial
performance.  Consequently,  we believe the likelihood of
currency risk impacting our 2009 financial performance and
the potential financial impact have increased to medium. 
Interest rate risks
Changes in market interest rates affect future interest payments for variable-interest liabilities.  As a result,  significant
interest rate increases can have an adverse effect on the
Group's profitability,  liquidity and financial position.  The acquisition of Reebok in 2006 led to an increase in interest rate risks
due to the higher financing requirements and the resulting
higher weighted-average interest rate on the Group's financing
structure
see Treasury,  p.  093. 
In line with IFRS 7 requirements,  we have analysed the impact
of changes in the Group's most important interest rates on net
income and shareholders' equity.  The effect of interest rate
changes on future cash flows is excluded from this analysis. 
Nevertheless,  accrued interest,  which is recognised as a
liability,  has been re-calculated based on the hypothetical
market interest rates as at December 31,  2008.  Fair values
for derivative interest rate instruments accounted for as cash
flow hedges were then re-evaluated based on the hypothetical
market interest rates with the resulting effects on net income
and equity included in the sensitivity analysis.  The fair value
interest rate risk from private placements that are hedged with
fair value hedges was also taken into consideration.  Howeverthe effect on the income statement from changes in the fair
values of hedged items and hedging instruments attributable
to interest rate changes was not material.  Exclusions from this
analysis are as follows:

Risk and Opportunity Report 
— Some fixed-rate financial assets,  such as commercial
paper and certificates of deposit,  which our Group values
at 'fair value through profit or loss" due to the short-term
maturity of these instruments.  Potential effects due to changes
in interest rates are considered immaterial and are not recognised in the sensitivity analysis. 
— Other fixed-rate financial instruments are measured at
amortised cost.  Since a change in interest rates would not
change the carrying amount of this category of instrumentsthere is no net income impact and they are excluded from this
analysis. 
The interest rate sensitivity analysis assumes a parallel shift
of the interest yield curve for all currencies and was performed
on the same basis for both 2007 and 2008.  A 100 basis
point increase in interest rates at December 31,  2008 would
have increased shareholders' equity by € 4 million (2007:
€ 6 million) and decreased net income by € 1 million (2007:
€ 2 million).  A 100 basis point decrease of the interest rates
at December 31,  2008 would have resulted in a € 5 million
decrease in shareholders' equity (2007: € 7 million) and a
€ 1 million increase in net income (2007: € 2 million). 
We believe the IFRS 7 interest rate analysis represents a realistic if rough estimate of our current interest rate risk. 
To moderate interest rate risks and maintain financial flexibility,  a core tenet of our Group's financial strategy is to reduce
financial leverage (i, e.  net debt /shareholders' equity) to under
50%.  In light of the recent interest rates decrease in North
America and Europe,  and given the expected economic situation worldwide,  we are expecting interest rates in 2009 to be
stable or down from 2008.  Therefore,  we continue to project the
likelihood of significant Group interest rate increases,  which
could have a low financial effect,  as low. 

Corporate opportunities overview 
External and Industry Opportunities 
External and industry opportunities
Favourable macroeconomic and fiscal developments
Sports participation on the rise
Increasing demand for functional apparel
Women's segment offers long-term potential
Ongoing fusion of sport and lifestyle
Emerging markets as long-term growth drivers
Growing popularity of 'green" products 
Favourable macroeconomic and fiscal policy changes
As a consumer goods company,  consumer confidence and
spending can impact our sales development.  Therefore,  better
than initially forecasted macroeconomic developments and
fiscal policy changes which support private consumption can
have a positive impact on our sales and profitability.  In additionlegislative changes,  e.g.  with regard to the taxation of corporate profits,  can positively impact Group profitability. 

Strategic and operational opportunities
Strong market positions worldwide
Multi-brand approach
Personalisation and customisation replacing mass wear
Breaking new ground in distribution
Taking control of distribution rights
Cost optimisation drives profitability improvements 
Sports participation on the rise
Governments increasingly promote living an active lifestyle
to fight obesity and cardiovascular disease.  According to the
World Health Organization,  around 400 million people were
considered obese in 2005.  Another 16 billion more were
estimated to be overweight.  These numbers are projected
to increase to 700 million and 23 billion respectively by
2015.  Once considered a problem only in affluent nationsobesity is also becoming an issue in countries with low per
capita income.  This development has serious health consequences and a dramatic effect on health care expenditures. 
As a result,  governments and non-governmental organisations are increasing their efforts to promote a healthy lifestyle
and encourage sports participation.  Given our strong market
position,  in particular in categories considered suitable for
weight loss such as training,  running and swimming,  we expect
to benefit from this trend. 

Financial opportunities
Favourable financial market changes 
Increasing consumer demand for functional apparel
Consumer demand for functional apparel has increased significantly in recent years as consumers realise the benefits of
functional apparel over traditional cotton sportswear.  Improved
moisture management,  superior ease of motion and increased
comfort are all factors encouraging consumers to switch to
high-performance gear.  The design and development of functional apparel requires significantly more expertise,  product
and material research as well as production know-how compared to low-tech apparel.  Therefore,  only a few companies are
able to supply high-end functional apparel.  Our resources and
our positioning as a sports performance leader enable us to
constantly develop innovative products and capitalise on them. 
Women's segment offers long-term potential
In our opinion,  the women's sports market is one of the most
attractive segments in the sporting goods industry with women
accounting for more than a third of total spending on athletic
footwear.  The adidas Group has developed its Women's categories over the past years.  Product offerings in both performance
and lifestyle emphasise individuality,  authenticity and stylein all three brand segments.  Examples are adidas by Stella
McCartney,  the Avon Pink Ribbon collection at Reebok,  and the
Women's r7® CGB MAX at TaylorMade.  Our Group still generates the majority of its revenues in men's and unisex categories.  The women's category offers potential for further growthwith shape,  colours and sports specific to women.  In 2009,  we
will continue to expand our women's offer with,  for examplethe launch of a Reebok collection in partnership with Cirque du
Soleil
see Reebok Strategy,  p.  052. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

117

Ongoing fusion of sport and lifestyle
The border between pure athletics and lifestyle continues
to blur as sport becomes a more integral part in the lives of
more and more consumers.  People want to be fashionable
when engaging in sporting activities without compromising on
quality or the latest technological advances.  At the same timeperformance features and styles are finding their way into
products meant for more leisure-oriented use.  We estimate
the global sports lifestyle market to be at least three times
larger than the performance market.  This development opens
up additional opportunities for our Group and our brands –
which already enjoy strong positions in this market.  adidas
has an authentic sports lifestyle offering with the adidas Sport
Style division which continuously launches innovative consee adidas Strategy,  p.  048.  In 2008,  the adidas segment
cepts
launched Style Essentials in Asia and the USA,  a new line of
casual sportswear clothing.  In 2009,  with the launch of the
adidas SLVR Label,  adidas will expand its offer of pure fashionsports-driven style.  The Reebok brand will revive its Classics
business in 2009 with the launch of new products and campaigns such as The Pump™ and 'On the Move"
see Reebok
Strategy,  p.  052.  And at TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  the acquisition of Ashworth provides a new platform to expand the segment's golf apparel business into the lifestyle market
see
TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy,  p.  056. 
Emerging markets as long-term growth drivers
Emerging economies in Asia,  Europe and Latin America have
consistently grown at stronger rates than more mature
markets over the last several years.  However,  due to economic
constraints,  sports participation in most of these countries
has historically been lower than in industrialised countries. 
Now,  rising real incomes and employment rates as well as
positive demographic trends and a growing middle class are
fuelling these economies and subsequently our industry. 
This development is expected to continue in the near future. 

118

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
European and North American sporting goods brands are often
seen as easily accessible,  affordable luxury goods.  Our Group
currently generates more than 30% of sales in emerging markets,  which reflects a higher exposure compared to many of
our competitors.  Further,  we believe we have opportunities for
further growth,  in particular in China and Russia.  Our growth
in emerging markets is supported by our strong portfolio of
partnerships: in China,  the NBA,  Yao Ming and the China Golf
Association,  in Russia,  the Russian Basketball Federation and
the Russian Football Union,  and in India,  the Twenty20 Cricket
League.  In addition,  our various brand controlled space initiatives allow us to reach out to more consumers in markets
where retail is still developing. 
Growing popularity of 'green" products
Today's consumers are increasingly concerned about the
impact their consumption has on the environment.  Thereforethey demand more and more products that are environmentally
benign.  For many consumers,  materials used in footwear and
apparel are now expected to be suitable for re-use,  while still
looking fashionable and stylish.  By positioning ourselves in this
field within the sports lifestyle segment,  we can benefit from
the growing demand for environmentally friendly products.  In
2008,  we launched the adidas Grün Originals collection within
our adidas Sport Style division.  The collection consists of
footwear and apparel made of organic,  untreated or recycled
materials such as cork,  manila and linen.  In 2009,  Reebok will
also introduce a collection of eco-friendly NFL licensed apparel
utilising 100% organic cotton and products made of recycled
polyester.  Besides this,  we recently launched a programme
called 'Better Place" that targets adidas performance products
see Sustainability,  p.  067.  Environmentally friendly products
are of course also used in other categories,  albeit to a lesser
extent.  For example,  our adidas SLVR Label contains 'green"
components,  even if the main focus of this line is not ecology. 
We expect consumer demand for environmentally friendly
products to increase going forward. 

Risk and Opportunity Report 
Strategic and Operational Opportunities 
Strong market positions worldwide
The adidas Group has the highest market share in numerous
countries around the world.  This strong competitive position
offers us many advantages in terms of global brand visibilitymarket power and the ability to effectively expand our position in emerging markets.  As a result of our strong partnership portfolio and marketing efforts,  consumers around the
globe are highly aware of our brands and are receptive to our
brand messaging.  This makes demand for our products more
stable compared to smaller competitors.  Hence,  many retailers consider our products as core to their offering.  The adidas
Group is therefore in a strong bargaining position and can
compete more effectively for shelf space. 
Multi-brand approach
We believe there is a natural limit to the audience size a single
brand can appeal to,  given the diverse tastes and expectations
of a highly-fragmented consumer market.  Our multi-brand
approach provides us with the opportunity to leverage the
power of our brands in a more precise and meaningful way
see Group Strategy,  p.  046.  We are able to utilise the combined
strengths of each brand to compete for a higher percentage
of the total market covering a greater number of consumer
needs,  price points and demographics. 
Personalisation and customisation replacing mass wear
Today's consumers are looking for choice and variety that
goes beyond choosing from a wide selection of products.  We
engage in developing unique and relevant products that fit
see Group
specific functional and aesthetic requirements
Strategy,  p.  046.  adidas,  Reebok and TaylorMade-adidas Golf all
offer different personalisation and customisation platforms
reflecting each brand's strategy.  Key concepts include adidas'
mi adidas,  miCoach and mi Originals,  Reebok Custom and the
TaylorMade-adidas Golf myTPball online platform.  After successfully implementing mi adidas in our performance stores in
2007,  in 2008 we rolled out mi Originals to our concept stores. 
Reebok Custom is a web-based platform over which consumers can customise footwear.  Shoes are then shipped within ten
business days.  With the myTPball programme,  customers can
design and order their own golf balls. 

We expect the market for personalised and customised footwear,  apparel and hardware to grow strongly and evolve further
in the coming years.  In September 2008,  the adidas segment
acquired Textronics,  Inc.,  a specialist in the development of
wearable sensors for use in fitness monitoring.  The technology
will first be utilised in adidas running apparel and expanded
into other sports categories in the future.  It will be an important facet of the miCoach offering as smart apparel products
complement the miCoach technology accessories.  miCoach
aims to provide 360 degree personalised training regimes to
consumers. 
Breaking new ground in distribution
The sporting goods retail environment is changing constantly. 
People increasingly want to get involved with our brands.  We
have adapted our distribution to cater to this change and have
made controlled space initiatives a strategic priority.  We introduced e-commerce in the Netherlands as a test market for
Europe in 2008.  We also see opportunities to operate new shop
formats.  Examples of this are co-branded stores with partners
such as the NBA (adidas) and NHL (Reebok).  In July 2008,  we
opened the world's first adidas Brand Center in Beijing,  taking
the retail experience to a new level
see adidas Strategy,  p.  048. 
We also launched new store formats for adidas Originals called
Atelier and Studio.  Rockport is also planning to launch a new
store format in 2009
see Reebok Strategy,  p.  052.  Through
initiatives like these,  we can more effectively target consumers and involve them emotionally with our products.  In our
wholesale business,  we are increasing our flexibility to utilise
changes in consumption behaviour as they arise.  In 2008for example,  we rolled out a unique shop-in-shop partnership
between Reebok and a major retailer in the USA. 

Taking control of distribution rights
Our brands do business in virtually all countries around the
world.  The majority of our business is done through fullyowned subsidiaries or sales organisations
see Group Strategyp.  046.  Nevertheless,  in some markets,  we work with distributors or joint venture partners,  in particular at brand Reebok. 
In doing so,  we capitalise on third-party expertise in terms
of how to best service retailers in those countries.  While this
strategy can be appropriate in a market's early developmentwe strongly believe in having full control over distribution and
brand management in more mature markets.  Therefore,  it
is our Group's strategy to buy back distribution rights for our
brands when possible and economically sensible.  Over the last
several years,  we have been very successful in this respect.  In
2008,  we purchased /founded two Reebok companies in Latin
America,  in Brazil /Paraguay and Argentina.  In 2009,  we will
take over the remaining 25% of Reebok distribution rights in
Spain and consolidate adidas and Reebok's Spanish offices. 
Going forward,  we will evaluate potential buyback opportunities
on a case-by-case basis,  considering opportunities as well as
inherent risks. 
Cost optimisation drives profitability improvements
Continued optimisation of key business processes and
strict cost control are vital to achieving high profitability and
return on invested capital.  As a result of the Reebok acquisition,  we generated cost synergies that support adidas and
Reebok profitability development.  Nonetheless,  our profit
margins continue to be below those of our main competitors. 
We do,  however,  see numerous levers for streamlining our
cost base going forward.  We can further simplify processes
across brands and functions to reduce operational inefficiencies owed to the increased complexity of our Group.  In
North America,  we believe we will be able to realise mediumterm economies of scale as we continue to integrate adidas
and Reebok back-office functions.  In addition,  we strive to
further increase efficiency in our supply chain and make it
truly demand-driven.  By implementing end-to-end planning
processes and improving our replenishment capabilities,  we
see opportunities to not only better serve our customers but
also to further reduce our operating working capital needs
see Global Operations,  p.  064.  Another example is the reduction of the number of articles,  which reduces workload in the
creation area and warehouse costs,  and allows us to offer
more focused ranges to our retail partners. 

Financial Opportunities 
Favourable financial market changes
Favourable exchange and interest rate developments can
potentially have a positive impact on the Group's financial
results.  Our Group Treasury department closely monitors
the financial markets to identify opportunities
see Treasuryp.  093. 

Management Assessment of Overall Risk and Opportunities
Central risk management aggregates all risks reported by
brand,  regional and headquarter functions.  Based on the compilation of risks taking into account the occurrence likelihood
and potential financial impact and the current business outlook
explained within this report adidas Group Management does
not foresee any individual or aggregate risks which could
materially jeopardise the viability of the Group as a going concern.  Management remains confident that the Group's earnings
power forms a solid basis for our future business development
and provides the necessary resource to pursue the opportunities available to the Group. 
Nonetheless,  due to the current financial market and exchange
rate volatility as well as uncertainty over the magnitude of
spillover effects on private consumption,  we believe that our
risk profile has increased in comparison to the prior year. 
This reflects increases in both likelihood of occurrence and
potential financial impact of certain individual risks as outlined
in this report. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

119

Subsequent Events and Outlook
In 2009,  recessionary pressures in most key
global markets are expected to have a negative
impact on overall consumer demand and the
sporting goods industry.  Despite our strong
market positions in most major markets,  a
regionally balanced sales mix and strength in
innovation,  we expect these developments to
have a negative impact on the development of
the adidas Group's financial results in 2009. 
As a result,  we forecast adidas Group sales
and earnings per share to decline in 2009. 
Subsequent changes in the Group structure
Effective January 2009,  the adidas Group acquired the remaining 5% of shares of its subsidiary in Greece,  adidas Hellas A. E. Thessaloniki.  Also effective January 2009,  the adidas Group
acquired the remaining 25% of shares of Reebok's subsidiary
in Spain,  Reebok Spain S. A.,  Alicante.  Both transactions reflect
the Group's strategy to gain control over distribution in maturing markets. 
No other subsequent changes
Since the end of 2008,  there have been no significant macroeconomic,  sociopolitical,  legal or financing changes which we
expect to influence our business materially going forward. 
In addition,  there have been no major management changes
since the end of 2008. 

Group business outlook affected by uncertain global
macroeconomic development
Expectations for the development of the global economy and
the sporting goods industry in 2009 are currently subject
to a high degree of uncertainty.  The unprecedented slowdown
in economic activity recorded towards the end of 2008 has
consequences currently not fully foreseeable.  As a resultmacroeconomic forecasts for 2009 given by various government bodies and research institutes differ widely in their
assessment of how long and deep the expected economic
downturn will be.  In addition,  the effect rising unemployment and lower consumer confidence could have on private
consumption cannot be fully assessed.  Consequently,  the
effect global macroeconomic developments could have on the
adidas Group's business outlook is currently difficult to forecast,  especially with regard to the second half of the year.  Our
outlook is hence based solely on the scenario of economic and
sector development laid down in this report,  acknowledging
actual developments might significantly differ from this scenario.  In addition,  it is currently difficult to quantify the impact
negative currency translation effects could have on the Group's
top- and bottom-line performance.  Due to the fact that many
currencies such as the Russian ruble,  the British pound and
several currencies in Latin America have significantly depreciated against the euro towards the end of 2008 and at the beginning of 2009,  we currently forecast these effects to have a significant negative impact on our Group's financial performance. 
Global economic slowdown projected to intensify in 2009
According to the World Bank,  in 2009 growth of the global
economy is projected to slow to a level of around 1% due to
the real-economy side effects of the banking crisis which
intensified during the second half of 2008.  Although several
governments around the world are instigating policies to
combat recessionary pressures,  an outright global recession
cannot be ruled out. 
In Europe,  GDP in the Euro Zone is expected to decline around
15% in 2009,  driven by weakness in domestic consumptiona deteriorating export outlook as well as the impact of tighter
financing conditions on investment.  European emerging
markets are forecasted to show modest growth of around 05%
in 2009.  Economies such as Russia and Turkey are expected to
show a steep slowdown based on falling commodity prices and
difficulties related to tightening credit markets which may lead
to higher levels of unemployment. 

120

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
Subsequent Events and Outlook 
In North America,  GDP is also projected to decline approximately 15% versus the prior year.  With consumer confidence
at record lows and expected increases in unemployment
throughout the year,  lower consumer spending is forecasted
to lead to a sharp decline in GDP particularly in the first half of
2009.  A government stimulus package involving infrastructure
spending is expected to lift the economy out of recession in the
second half of the year. 
In Asia,  compared to 2008,  growth excluding Japan is likely
to slow slightly to a level of around 5% in 2009,  the weakest
since 2001.  China and India are forecasted to be affected by
lower industrial production growth,  and a slowdown of exports. 
Japan's economy is forecasted to decline around 3% in 2009
versus 2008.  Falling exports as well as a lack of stimulus for
domestic consumption and the likelihood of stagflation make
the Japanese macroeconomic landscape similar to that in the
USA and the Euro Zone. 
In Latin America,  growth rates are likely to slow to a level
of around 1% in 2009.  Private consumption is expected to
continue to increase in most major markets.  Differences with
regard to exposure to commodity prices and dependency on
exports are likely to lead to a high variance of GDP development by country. 
Low consumer spending to negatively impact the development of the global sporting goods industry
In 2009,  we expect the global sporting goods industry to
decline.  In mature markets such as the USA and Western
Europe,  the decline is expected to be more pronounced due
to low levels of consumer confidence and difficult trading
conditions for retailers.  This is likely to lead to a highly promotional environment in these markets.  Emerging markets such
as China are expected to be more resilient as opportunity for
distribution expansion continues in these markets. 

European sporting goods industry to decline
compared to prior year
Due to the non-recurrence of positive effects related to the
UEFA EURO 2008™ in the first half of the year,  and ongoing
difficult market conditions in major Western European markets
such as the UK and Spain,  we expect the sporting goods industry to decline in Europe in 2009.  While the region's emerging
markets are likely to be more resilient,  we also anticipate a
slowdown in consumer spending to impact sporting goods
industry sales in these markets.  In the second half of the yearthe industry is expected to turn its attention to the run-up for
the 2010 FIFA World Cup™,  which should provide some positive
impetus to industry sales towards the end of 2009. 
North American sporting goods market to
experience consolidation
As a result of the recession in the USA,  we expect the North
American sporting goods market to decline in 2009.  According to the National Retail Federation,  retail industry sales are
expected to fall 05% compared to the prior year.  Lower overall
consumer spending and potential shifts in consumption patterns away from discretionary products are expected to lead to
shifts in consumer priorities which we expect to also negatively
impact the sporting goods industry.  In addition,  we anticipate
further consolidation of the retail landscape as several smaller
retailers succumb to financial pressure and many rationalise
existing store bases. 
Asian sporting goods industry negatively impacted
by slowing domestic demand
Although we expect Asia to continue to be the fastest-growing
sporting goods market in 2009,  we anticipate growth rates to
moderate considerably compared to the prior year.  In Chinaindustry growth is likely to moderate significantly in 2009,  due
to the exceptionally high rate of retail expansion in 2008,  and
high sell-in rates by sporting goods manufacturers ahead
of the Beijing 2008 Olympics.  Nevertheless,  we expect the
sporting goods industry in China to show continued growth
in 2009,  as underlying consumer trends remain positive and
retail infrastructure continues to develop across the country. 
In Japan,  however,  we expect the sporting goods industry to
decline,  in line with private consumption expectations in that
market. 

Latin American sporting goods industry affected by
depreciation of currencies against the dollar
With a majority of sporting goods in Latin America being purchased in US dollars,  we expect demand for sporting goods to
be negatively affected by the recent depreciation of currencies
in the major countries of the region.  In addition,  there are
currently concerns related to increasing trade barriers being
potentially implemented in certain markets such as Brazil
see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  107. 
Consolidation of new businesses supports
TaylorMade-adidas Golf and Reebok sales
Sales recorded in the TaylorMade-adidas Golf segment will
be supported by the consolidation of Ashworth,  Inc.  revenues
for the full twelve-month period.  Ashworth,  Inc.,  a US-based
golf lifestyle apparel brand,  has been consolidated within the
adidas Group as of November 20,  2008.  In addition,  sales in the
Reebok segment are expected to be positively influenced by the
consolidation of sales from the brand's new companies in Latin
America for the full twelve-month period. 
adidas Group sales and earnings per share
to decrease in 2009
We expect adidas Group sales to decline at a low- to midsingle-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis in 2009.  Sales
development will be negatively impacted by weaker consumer
demand due to low levels of consumer confidence and rising
unemployment in many major markets.  Group currencyneutral sales in the emerging markets of Europe,  Asia and
Latin America are forecasted to develop better relative to
mature markets such as Western Europe and North America. 
In 2009,  the adidas Group gross margin is forecasted to decline. 
 promotional environment in mature markets,  as well as
expected higher sourcing costs due to increased raw material
and wage costs,  in particular in the first half of the year,  will
contribute to this development.  Further own-retail expansion
at both adidas and Reebok is expected to partially offset these
developments. 

In 2009,  the Group's operating expenses as a percentage
of sales are expected to increase.  Higher expenses for controlled space initiatives in the adidas and Reebok segments
will drive increases,  partially compensated by positive effects
from efficiency improvements throughout our organisation. 
Marketing working budget expenses as a percentage of sales
are forecasted to be at or below the prior year level.  Operating
income is expected to decline.  This will mainly be driven by the
non-recurrence of book gains from acquisitions and disposals
in the TaylorMade-adidas Golf segment in the prior year. 
We expect the number of employees within the adidas Group to
be around the prior year level.  A hiring freeze implemented in
autumn 2008 for all Group and brand functions and initiatives
to streamline our organisation are forecasted to offset new
hirings related to further retail expansion in emerging markets. 
The adidas Group will continue to spend around 1% of sales on
research and development in 2009.  Areas of particular focus
include training,  running,  football and basketball at the adidas
and Reebok brands,  as well as golf hardware at TaylorMadeadidas Golf.  The number of employees working in research and
development throughout the Group will remain stable in 2009. 
In 2009,  we expect the operating margin for the adidas Group
to decline.  This forecast reflects our projection of a Group
gross margin decline and an increase in operating expenses
as a percentage of sales. 
As a result of lower interest rate expenses in line with the
planned reduction of net borrowings,  we forecast lower
financial expenses in 2009.  The Group tax rate is expected to
be slightly above the prior year level (2008: 288%). 
As a result of these developments,  net income attributable to
shareholders is projected to decline in 2009.  Basic and diluted
earnings per share are expected to decline at a lower rate
than net income attributable to shareholders due to a lower
weighted average number of shares outstanding compared to
the prior year. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

121

adidas backlogs decrease 6% currency-neutral
Backlogs for the adidas brand at the end of 2008 decreased
6% versus the prior year on a currency-neutral basis.  In euro
terms,  adidas backlogs declined 4%.  This development reflects
the difficult retail environment in many major markets.  In
addition,  order backlogs in Europe were negatively impacted
by the non-recurrence of strong prior year orders for football products supported by the UEFA EURO 2008™.  Differences in order timing had a negative effect on the development of backlogs in Asia.  Footwear backlogs decreased 4%
in currency-neutral terms (– 2% in euros).  Growth in North
America could not offset declines in Europe and Asia.  Apparel
backlogs decreased 6% on a currency-neutral basis (– 4% in
euros) with declines in all regions.  Backlogs do not include the
segment's own-retail business.  We also expect the share of
at-once business in the adidas sales mix to grow as a result
of increasing uncertainty among retailers regarding future
market development.  As a result,  order backlogs are no longer
 reliable indicator for expected sales development. 

adidas order backlogs (currency-neutral) 1)
Development by product category and region in %

Europe 
Footwear
Apparel
Total 2)

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
Asia 
Total 
(3)
(4)
(5)


(5)


(11)
(8)
(10)

(4)
(6)
(6)

1) At year-end,  change year-over-year. 
2) Includes hardware backlogs. 

adidas order backlogs (in €) 1)
Development by product category and region in %

Europe 
Footwear
Apparel
Total 2)
1) At year-end,  change year-over-year. 
2) Includes hardware backlogs. 

122

North
America 
Subsequent Events and Outlook 
North
America 
Asia 
Total 
(7)
(9)
(9)


(1)


(1)

1

(2)
(4)
(4)

Brand adidas sales to decline in 2009
We project a low- to mid-single-digit sales decline on a
currency-neutral basis for brand adidas in 2009.  Revenues
in both the adidas Sport Performance and adidas Sport
Style divisions are forecasted to decrease.  In the Sport
Performance division,  revenues in the football category in
particular are forecasted to decline as a result of the nonrecurrence of strong sales in connection with the UEFA
EURO 2008™.  Sport Style sales are expected to be negatively
affected by challenging market conditions in many major
markets.  Incremental sales from the further segmentation
of the brand's product range to effectively address specific
consumer groups are forecasted to partly offset this developsee adidas Strategy,  p.  048. 
ment 
Reebok order backlogs (currency-neutral) 1)
Development by product category and region in %

Europe 
North
America 
Asia 
Total 
(12)
(22)
(15)

(22)
(50)
(29)

(11)
(16)
(13)

(10)
(33)
(17)

Footwear
Apparel
Total 2)
1) At year-end,  change year-over-year. 
2) Includes hardware backlogs. 

Reebok order backlogs (in €) 1)
Development by product category and region in %

Europe 
Footwear
Apparel
Total 2)
1) At year-end,  change year-over-year. 
2) Includes hardware backlogs. 

North
America 
Asia 
Total 
(18)
(25)
(20)

(19)
(49)
(26)

(7)
(12)
(9)

(11)
(33)
(18)

Reebok backlogs decline
Currency-neutral Reebok backlogs at the end of 2008 were
down 17% versus the prior year.  In euro terms,  this represents a decline of 18%.  Footwear backlogs decreased 10%
in currency-neutral terms (–11% in euros) as a result of
declines in all regions.  Apparel backlogs declined 33% on a
currency-neutral basis driven by lower orders for licensed
apparel in particular in North America (– 33% in euros).  These
developments largely reflect challenging market conditions in
Reebok's major markets.  Due to the exclusion of the own-retail
business and the high share of at-once business in Reebok's
sales mix,  order backlogs in this segment are not indicative of
expected sales development. 

TaylorMade-adidas Golf sales to increase
at a low-single-digit rate
We expect the consolidation of Ashworth,  Inc.  for the full
12-month period to support a currency-neutral low-singledigit sales increase at TaylorMade-adidas Golf in 2009.  On a
comparable basis,  however,  excluding Ashworth,  sales are
projected to decline despite a strong product pipeline
see
TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy,  p.  056.  This will be a result of the
challenging market situation in North America.  Because the
order profile in golf differs from other parts of our Group's
business,  we do not provide order information for TaylorMadeadidas Golf. 

Reebok segment sales to be at least stable
Reebok segment sales are projected to be at least stable
compared to the prior year on a currency-neutral basis in 2009. 
The brand's key focus categories,  Women's Fitness and Men's
Sport,  are expected to develop significantly better compared to
other categories due to new product launches and campaigns
see Reebok Strategy,  p.  052.  In the Classics categoryin 2009
we will continue to visibly upgrade and improve the brand's
product offering.  The consolidation of sales from Reebok's new
companies in Latin America for the full twelve-month period is
projected to support revenue development. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

123

2009 Product Launch Schedule 
Product 
Brand 
Launch Date 
adiPure football boot
adidas
CC Genius tennis shoe
adidas
adidas tennis rackets
adidas
Style Essentials footwear
adidas
adidas Originals Vespa footwear and
adidas
apparel collection
Terrex outdoor footwear and apparel
adidas
adidas SLVR Label footwear and apparel
adidas
Gazelle running footwear and apparel
adidas
UEFA Champions League Finale Ball 'Rome"
adidas
F50i football boot
adidas
Supernova™ Sequence 2 running shoe
adidas
Remix basketball footwear and apparel
adidas
adidas TECHFIT™ Tuned Compression
adidas
Men's training FreeRunning footwear
adidas
and apparel
UEFA Champions League 09/10 season ball
adidas
2010 FIFA World Cup™ federation
adidas
home jerseys
2010 FIFA World Cup™ match ball
adidas
EasyTone™ training shoe
Reebok
Playcool X apparel
Reebok
SelectRide™ running and training shoe
Reebok
Reebok Cirque du Soleil footwear and
Reebok
apparel collection
Premier Trinity KFS IV running shoe
Reebok
Premier Verona KFS II running shoe
Reebok
DresSports® 2
Rockport
Octo Gun stick line
CCM Hockey
Glove line
CCM Hockey
U+™ Pro Skate
CCM Hockey
KFS protective equipment
Reebok Hockey
KFS hockey gloves
Reebok Hockey
10K Sickick II stick
Reebok Hockey
808 O-Stick
Reebok Hockey
R9™ drivers
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
R9™ fairway woods
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
R9™ Rescue
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
Burner® 09 irons
TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
January
January
January
January
January 
124

Group Management Report Our Financial Year 
February
February
March
April
June
June
June
June
June
July
November
December
January
January
February
February
July
July
September
April
April
April
April
April
April
October
March
March
March
March 
Working capital management to improve balance sheet
Operating working capital management is a major focus of
our efforts to improve the Group's balance sheet
see Internal
Group Management System,  p.  058.  Our goal is to reduce operating working capital as a percentage of sales in 2009.  Inventory
management will be a focus area in this respect.  Based on
tight control of inventory ageing,  optimising inventory levels
for fast replenishment is at the forefront of our activities to
ensure we are able to satisfy short-term retailer demand on an
at-once basis. 
Investment level to be between € 300 and € 400 million
In 2009,  investments in tangible and intangible assets are
expected to amount to € 300 million to € 400 million (2008:
€ 380 million).  Investments will focus on adidas and Reebok
controlled space initiatives,  in particular in emerging markets.  These investments will account for almost 50% of total
investments in 2009.  Other areas of investment include the
further development of the adidas Group Headquarters in
Herzogenaurach,  Germany and the increased deployment of
SAP and other IT systems in major subsidiaries within the
Group.  The most important factors in determining the exact
level and timing of investments will be the rate at which we
are able to successfully secure controlled space opportunities. 
All investments within the adidas Group in 2009 are expected
to be fully financed through cash generated in our operating
businesses. 
Excess cash to be used to reduce net debt
In 2009,  we expect continued strong cash flows from operating
activities.  Cash inflows from operating activities will be used
to finance working capital needs,  investment activities,  as well
as dividend payments.  Tight working capital management and
disciplined investment activities are expected to help optimise
the Group's free cash flow in 2009.  We intend to largely use
excess cash to reduce net borrowings,  which we forecast to
be below the prior year level.  As a result,  we expect to make
progress towards achieving our medium-term financial leverage target of below 50% (2008: 646%). 

Subsequent Events and Outlook 
adidas Group 2009 outlook 
Currency-neutral sales growth
Gross margin
Operating margin
Earnings per share 
low- to mid-single-digit decline
decline
decline
decline 
Efficient liquidity management in place for 2009 and beyond
Efficient liquidity management continues to be a priority for
the adidas Group in 2009.  We focus on continuously anticipating the cash inflows from the operating activities of our Group
segments,  as this represents the main source of liquidity within
the Group.  Liquidity is forecasted on a multi-year financial
and liquidity plan on a quarterly basis.  Long-term liquidity is
ensured by continued positive free cash flows and sufficient
unused committed and uncommitted credit facilities
see
Treasury,  p.  093.  Consequently,  we do not plan any significant
financing initiatives in 2009. 
Management to propose unchanged dividend of € 050
We are committed to maintaining the Group's dividend payout
ratio corridor of between 15 and 25% of net income attributable to shareholders.  At our Annual General Meeting on May 72009,  we intend to propose an unchanged dividend per share
of € 050 for the financial year 2008.  Management has decided
to maintain the dividend level in light of the tough business
environment and our focus on reducing net borrowings.  Based
on the number of shares outstanding at the end of 2008the dividend payout will decrease 2% to € 97 million (2007:
€ 99 million).  This represents a payout ratio of 15% versus
18% in 2007. 
Potential changes in legal structure due to
subsidiary mergers
In 2009,  we will continue to evaluate the merger of adidas and
Reebok subsidiaries in various countries on a case-by-case
basis.  In doing so,  we strive to realise operational and financial
efficiencies with a view to maximising long-term growth opportunities for our Group.  In markets where third parties act as
distributors for our brands or control a stake in our subsidiaries we may consider the buyback of distribution rights,  the
buyout of minority stakes or the setting up of joint ventures for
our brands. 

Increasing momentum for adidas Group in 2010 and beyond
In line with the projections of the OECD,  the World Bank and
independent researchers,  we expect the global macroeconomic
environment to recover in 2010,  although growth rates are
estimated to remain well below 2008 levels.  We forecast this
development to support the operational performance of our
Group in 2010.  Under this assumption,  we project adidas Group
sales and net income to improve in 2010 compared to 2009
levels.  Football sales related to the 2010 FIFA World Cup™
will support revenues in the adidas segment.  We also forecast
our initiatives to revitalise the Reebok brand to gain traction. 
Finally,  the TaylorMade-adidas Golf segment is projected
to benefit from leading market positions in key categoriessupported by continuously bringing new product innovations to
the consumer as well as leveraging the benefit we anticipate
gaining from the Ashworth acquisition. 
Key goals for long-term success
In addition,  the Group will continue to work towards reaching
our priority goals to achieve long-term sustainable shareholder
value creation.  These include:
Expand presence in emerging markets: Emerging economies
in Asia,  Europe and Latin America have consistently grown at
stronger rates than more mature markets over the last several
years.  We believe these markets continue to represent the
most significant long-term opportunity to our industry as a
whole.  Rising standards of living,  increasing disposable income
and positive demographic trends should continue to support
increasing private consumption in these markets.  Thereforeassuming constant exchange rates,  our Group sees the opportunity to increase our representation in emerging markets to
over 35% of Group sales. 

Intensify controlled space focus: We intend to increase our
controlled space initiatives to at least 35% of Group sales in
the coming years.  This includes new openings of adidas and
Reebok own-retail stores,  the further extension of our monobranded store base in China,  as well as new shop-in-shop
initiatives with retail partners in several markets around the
world. 
Leverage growth and operational scale through to bottom line:
 higher exposure to emerging markets as well as expanding
controlled space activities are important levers to improving
brand presence,  increasing sell-through and driving higher
Group profitability.  Our continued focus on innovation and
design leadership and marketing excellence is an important
Group priority to protect and increase the image and consumer
appeal of all our brands.  This is particularly important in the
Reebok segment,  as we work to support the revitalisation of
the Reebok brand.  Taking these opportunities together with
our continuous efforts to reduce organisation complexity
and further integrate Group structures to take advantage of
our global scale,  we believe there is significant potential to
increase the Group's operating margin to over 11%. 
Increase financial flexibility: We intend to further decrease net
borrowings to achieve a financial leverage of below 50% in the
medium term.  Excess cash will be largely used to achieve this
goal and reduce exposure to financing risks.  A strong balance
sheet and a lower level of debt also increase our flexibility to
realise value-generating medium- and long-term opportunities
in the best interests of our shareholders as they arise. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

125

Lionel Messi
adidas
Lionel Messi has accumulated an impressive number of
titles and achievements throughout the past recent years:
Spanish Champion in 2005 and 2006,  UEFA Champions
League winner in 2006,  2nd place FIFA Player of the
Year 2007,  gold medal at the Beijing Olympic Games. 
Impressive but never enough.  His goal: To lead Argentina
to the World Cup in South Africa and win it for his home
country.  His game plan: 'Believe in myself and the
strength of my team. "

Products and Campaigns
adidas 128
Products and Campaigns 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf 146
Products and Campaigns 


Products and Campaigns 
Reebok 138
Products and Campaigns 
We define ourselves through our products.  High-profile
technologies and unique designs are the key factors
for our success.  Our researchers,  developers and
designers push the limits of innovation.  Have the right
idea at the right time.  Launch desirable products when
consumers demand it.  Introduce at least one major innovation every year.  This is the strategy of our success. 
The following pages introduce some of our most exciting and important products and campaigns for 2009. 
And they make it clear: Our game plan is set. 

128

Products and Campaigns 
adidas 
TECHFIT Power WEB
adidas 
+40


—
jump*

adidas TECHFIT Power WEB compression
garments support and stabilise core
muscle groups,  helping athletes achieve
dynamic and agile movements. 

+11


—
speed*

adidas TECHFIT Power WEB converts
the energy of an athlete's movement
into increased speed generation. 

adidas TECHFIT Power WEB includes exclusive adidas technology. 
Through the use of advanced materials and construction,  adidas
TECHFIT Power WEB compression garments give athletes the ultimate
advantage whether exploding out of the blocks,  attacking the board or
powering through the defence. 

+53


—
power*

When optimal pressure is applied to
the muscles through adidas TECHFIT
Power WEB,  the blood vessels compressincreasing blood flow which improves
the supply of oxygen. 

* adidas TECHFIT Power WEB compared to conventional sportswear. 
Proven in research undertaken by the University of Calgary Human
Performance Laboratory and adidas research. 
129

F50 TUNIT ™
adidas
For over 50 years,  adidas has played a major role in all significant 
100


—
fit 
Engineered lightweight TUNIT ™
microfibre synthetic upper for
perfect fit. 

football product innovations.  This gives adidas a degree of credibility
that no other brand can claim.  Footballers and fans know that adidas
lives for football,  and that they can rely on our products.  adidas football
boots will support the brand in further expanding its football market
leadership position in 2009. 



st 
The F50 TUNIT ™ is the world's
first fully customisable football
boot with exchangeable studschassis and upper. 

100


—
flexibility 
The F50 TUNIT ™ features a fully adaptable
TRAXION ® outsole and comes with firm
ground,  hard ground and soft ground
studs. 

130

Products and Campaigns 
adidas 
Messi's
—
No. 



The F50 TUNIT ™ is
Messi's boot of choice. 

Supernova™ Sequence 2
adidas
The all-new Supernova ™ Sequence 2 provides all the support your
feet need,  while offering a smooth and comfortable ride.  Enjoy a
perfect transition thanks to FORMOTION ™ heel units adapting to your
individual footstrike: an experience that's one step ahead. 

360°
GEOFIT ™ frame for
increased comfort on
every step of the way. 

3D
FORMOTION™
Reduces impact force and
pronation velocity. 

100



Full forefoot adiPRENE ®+
for a dynamic push-off. 

131

Vespa Gran Lusso
adidas 


From the stylish streets of Milan to the modern looks of Brighton,  pop 
decades
of heritage 
icon scooter manufacturer Vespa and the 3-Stripes come together to
present a new proposition to the market.  The collection offers footwear
and apparel referencing classic and contemporary looks and colours 
Both brands,  Vespa and adidasreference six decades of rich
heritage. 

made for both classic scooter riders and all fans of casual and clean
design. 

50s and 60s
inspired
Strongly inspired by the 50s
and 60s,  the Vespa Gran Lusso
sneaker is the stand-out piece
of the sneaker and apparel
collection. 

Perfect
merge
Vespa and adidas two authentic
lifestyle brands,  both focused on
design this is what you could
call the perfect merge. 

132

Products and Campaigns 
adidas 
Air Cooled Training
adidas
CLIMACOOL ® is a series of material placements and constructions that work together to help
maintain an athlete's body temperature at a desired 37 degrees.  In 2009,  adidas will communicate a complete men's training offer which will be supported by a campaign highlighting the key
benefits of the CLIMACOOL ® offering.  The central theme of the campaign 'Air Cooled Training"
emphasises that when your body is air cooled,  you stay cool,  comfortable and dry. 

133

NBA Tested.  Brotherhood Ready. 
adidas
adidas Basketball kicked off the 2008 / 2009 NBA season with the next chapter in Brotherhood:
'NBA Tested.  Brotherhood Ready".  This campaign brought together NBA All-Stars Gilbert
Arenas,  Dwight Howard,  Tracy McGrady,  Tim Duncan and Kevin Garnett to introduce the two
styles of player that make up a Brotherhood: Creators and Commanders.  Based on a series
of films,  the campaign was showcased through TV,  Internet,  magazines and prominent retail
destinations worldwide. 

134

Products and Campaigns 
adidas 
Outdoor Campaign 2009
adidas
To strengthen adidas' positioning as the athletic brand in the outdoor market,  adidas is
launching a new range of products aimed specifically at outdoor athletes.  The world recordbreaking speed-climbing Huber brothers,  Alexander and Thomas,  are the epitome of speed
and agility on the mountainside and are ideal testimonials for the new range of adidas Terrex
footwear and apparel.  The campaign launches in March 2009. 

135

Celebrate Originality
adidas
2009 marks the 60th anniversary of adidas.  In keeping with this important milestone,  adidas
unveiled its largest global brand campaign ever for adidas Originals under the banner of
'Celebrate Originality".  The campaign is set against the backdrop of a house party hosting an
eclectic mix of people from the worlds of music,  fashion and sport.  The campaign launched
in the USA in November 2008 and in the rest of the world in January 2009. 

adidas SLVR Label Campaign
adidas
The adidas SLVR Label's key message is 'Simply perfect".  The campaign highlights the
new label's connection to adidas as well as the values of all adidas SLVR Label products. 
adidas SLVR Label is clean,  simple,  inclusive and sophisticated.  It brings creative solutions
to reduce complexity.  The adidas SLVR Label will be promoted through advertising in
select fashion and lifestyle magazines,  on websites as well as through outdoor executions
in specific local markets. 
137

EasyTone™
Reebok
EasyTone ™ is Reebok's new technology for women's fitness that
allows women to 'take the gym with them".  EasyTone ™ helps tone
key leg muscles with balance pods that are built under the heel and
forefoot of the shoes.  With every step,  the balance pods are designed
to create natural instability.  By forcing muscles to adapt,  the shoe
naturally encourages toning of key leg muscles. 

28



more muscle activity for
the gluteus maximus
The EasyTone ™ activates the
gluteus maximus more than a
traditional walking shoe. 

11



more activity for key muscles
in the calves and hamstrings
The EasyTone ™ activates key
leg muscles and tones them
with every step,  acting as your
personal gym-on-the-go. 

138

Products and Campaigns 
Reebok 
SelectRide ™
Reebok
In February 2009,  Reebok launched a revolutionary shoe called
SelectRide ™.  This is an innovative footwear technology that meets the 
100

versatile needs of today's athletes.  Through its adjustable air-inflated 

—
seamless 
underfoot cushioning system,  the SelectRide ™ technology creates two
shoes in one  a running shoe or a training shoe at the push of a button. 

With a seamless interiorthe SmoothFit™ technology
of the SelectRide ™
eliminates irritation and
maximises performance. 

The shoe also features Reebok's SmoothFit™ technology,  providing an
amazing fit through the elimination of seams in the interior of the shoe. 
SelectRide ™ launched in the United States,  supported by an integrated
marketing campaign featuring eight of Reebok's top athletes such as
Peyton and Eli Manning and Yao Ming. 



second
to change 
The SelectRide ™ can be changed from
 running shoe into a training shoe
with just one click. 

139

The Pump ™
Reebok
Pump ™ is Reebok's most recognisable product technology and was
first introduced in a basketball shoe called 'The Pump ™" in 1989.  The
technology includes an internal inflation mechanism that regulates a
unique cushioning fit in the upper.  The Pump ™ will celebrate its 20th
anniversary in 2009.  To honour the heritage and design of The Pump™Reebok will launch a limited edition of The Pump ™ anniversary shoes
with exclusive retail collaboration partners starting late 2009. 

20

years 
Reebok celebrates another milestone of its sports heritage in 2009:
the 20th anniversary of the iconic
Pump ™. 

20 retailers
Reebok has partnered with 20
selected retailers around the world
to develop custom collaborations of
The Pump ™ that will be exclusively
designed and launched in their
stores in limited quantities. 

140

Products and Campaigns 
Reebok 
808 O-Stick
Reebok Hockey 
22

The 808 O-Stick has more aerodynamic arches which
provide less drag than ever before and increase the stick 


more aerodynamic
The unique architecture in the lower
part of the shaft makes the Reebok
808 O-Stick 22% more aerodynamic
than a regular stick. 

speed and power.  It also includes Griptone,  the new
Reebok proprietary grip enhancing control for better
reaction speed. 

120

points 
The number of points NHL superstar and 808 user Pavel Datsyuk
accumulated in the 2007–2008
regular season and playoffs with
the Reebok O-Stick. 

68 players
 total of 68 NHL players
wear the U+™ Pro Skate. 

U+™ Pro Skate
CCM Hockey
The U+™ Pro is now recharged: The new felt tongue 
<700

 
The U+™ Pro Skate is the first
sub-700 g skate in the market. 

fuses to your foot shape and the quarter shield enhances
durability.  Additional ankle comfort optimises foot fusion
and the new heel pocket construction improves heel lock. 
U+™ foam is extremely reactive when heated,  cooling
down to the shape of your foot. 

141

JUKARI Fit to Fly ™
Reebok
In 2008,  Reebok and Cirque du Soleil entered into a revolutionary partnership.  Together,  a new
workout experience for women was created fusing the intriguing world of Cirque du Soleil with
Reebok's expertise in fitness.  In February 2009,  Reebok and Cirque du Soleil launched JUKARI
Fit to Fly™ offering women an entirely new way to work out.  Integral to this experience is the
new equipment the FlySet™,  enabling a diverse repertoire of movements.  JUKARI Fit to Fly™
is inspired by the imaginative movements of Cirque du Soleil artists,  brought to life through a
systematic progression of exercises.  By combining these exercises with fluid choreographythe workout experience aims to improve strength and flexibility.  Along with these physical elements,  JUKARI Fit to Fly™ incorporates the joy of movement,  the fun that comes with training
together and the artistic flair of Cirque du Soleil.  Communication of the new workout experience
started with a global marketing campaign in February 2009. 

142

Products and Campaigns 
Reebok 
Cirque du Soleil Collection
Reebok
Alongside JUKARI Fit to Fly™ is a fully integrated women's footwear and apparel range,  the
'Reebok Cirque du Soleil Collection".  It combines the performance demands of the workout
experience with the creativity and artistry of Cirque du Soleil.  The collection has a style
expression that is forward-looking,  exploratory and very feminine. 

143

On The Move
Reebok
In 2009,  Reebok will launch a new collection of women's apparel and footwear called 'On The
Move",  inspired by Reebok's years of leadership in women's fitness.  Created for the needs of a
woman's busy lifestyle,  the products are versatile and can be mixed and matched.  The collection
was designed specifically for a woman's body and how she moves.  The 'On The Move" collection
is the perfect fusion between performance and style. 

144

Products and Campaigns 
Reebok 
Manifesto Choose to Walk
Rockport
Rockport's spring 2009 advertising campaign underscores the brand's commitment to style and
authenticity.  Rockport empowers consumers to do more,  be more,  live more,  with stylish shoes
engineered to feel good.  The global campaign will be executed across all markets through printonline and outdoor advertising. 

145

R9 ™ Driver
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
The new R9 ™ driver unites two TaylorMade technologies to promote
phenomenal distance and accuracy.  Flight Control Technology (FCT)
allows players to adjust the clubface angle,  loft and lie each by 2 °while Movable Weight Technology ™ (MWT ®) permits players to adjust 


the clubhead's centre of gravity.  The combined effect of FCT and MWT ®
promotes up to 75 yards of side-to-side trajectory change. 

distinct
head
positions 
The new R9 ™ driver delivers
 distinct head positions giving
players the power to adjust the
loft,  lie and face angle. 

24

driver
configurations 
The adjustable head and the movable weights
enable players to optimise their own driver. 



movable
weights 
Movable Weight Technology ™
lets players change the head's
centre of gravity. 
146

Products and Campaigns 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
The Set is Dead
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
To promote the new Burner ® family of irons,  the multi-platform campaign 'The Set is Dead"
will launch in 2009.  Irons have for too long been engineered as a set without heed to the
shortcomings of this approach.  TaylorMade realised that because long-irons,  middle-irons
and short-irons serve different purposes they should be designed separately so that each
delivers a specific type of performance.  'The Set is Dead" is a declaration of TaylorMade's new
way of creating high-performance irons. 

147

Alexander Ovechkin
Reebok
Alexander Ovechkin is currently one of the most exciting
stars in the NHL and 2008 was his year: He led the NHL
with 11 winners and 22 power-play goals,  plus he eclipsed
the NHL record of 63 goals by a left-winger.  Deservinglyhe was named Most Valuable NHL Player.  His goal: To win
everything,  every possible title.  'To reach it,  my game plan
is to not just play,  but to control the game.  To not just play
but to learn from every game and every move. "

Consolidated Financial Statements
Responsibility Statement
Independent Auditor's Report
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Consolidated Income Statement
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Consolidated Statement of Recognised
Income and Expense
Notes
Statement of Movements of Intangible
and Tangible Assets and Financial Assets
Shareholdings 
150
151
152
153
154
156
157
196
198

Segmental Information 204
Ten-Year Overview 206

Index 214
Financial Calendar 2009 215



Consolidated
Financial Statements 
Glossary 208

Responsibility Statement
To the best of our knowledge,  and in accordance with the applicable reporting principles,  the
consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets,  liabilities,  financial
position and profit or loss of the Group,  and the Group Management Report includes a fair review
of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Group,  together with
 description of the principal opportunities and risks associated with the expected development
of the Group. 
Herzogenaurach,  February 16,  2009

Herbert Hainer
CEO and Chairman 
Glenn Bennett
Global Operations 
Robin J.  Stalker
Finance 
Erich Stamminger
President and CEO of the adidas Brand 
150

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Responsibility Statement — Independent Auditor's Report 
Independent Auditor's Report
We have audited the consolidated financial statements prepared by adidas AG,  Herzogenaurach
– comprising the balance sheet,  the income statement,  statement of recognised income and
expense,  cash flow statement and the notes to the consolidated financial statements together
with the Group Management Report for the business year from January 1,  2008 to December 312008.  The preparation of the consolidated financial statements and the Group Management
Report in accordance with IFRS,  as adopted by the EU,  and the additional requirements of
German commercial law pursuant to § 315a section 1 HGB (Handelsgesetzbuch 'German Commercial Code") are the responsibility of the parent company's Management.  Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements and on the Group Management
Report based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with § 317 HGB
and German generally accepted standards for the audit of financial statements promulgated by
the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit such that misstatements materially affecting the presentation of the net assets,  financial
position and results of operations in the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the
applicable financial reporting framework and in the Group Management Report are detected with
reasonable assurance.  Knowledge of the business activities and the economic and legal environment of the Group and expectations as to possible misstatements are taken into account in the
determination of audit procedures.  The effectiveness of the accounting-related internal control
system and the evidence supporting the disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and
the Group Management Report are examined primarily on a test basis within the framework of
the audit.  The audit includes assessing the annual financial statements of those entities included
in consolidation,  the determination of entities to be included in consolidation,  the accounting and
consolidation principles used and significant estimates made by Management,  as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements and Group Management
Report.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Our audit has not led to any reservations. 
In our opinion,  based on the findings of our audit,  the consolidated financial statements comply
with IFRS,  as adopted by the EU,  and the additional requirements of German commercial law
pursuant to § 315a section 1 HGB and give a true and fair view of the net assets,  financial position and results of operations of the Group in accordance with these requirements.  The Group
Management Report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements and as a whole
provides a suitable view of the Group's position and suitably presents the opportunities and
risks of future development. 
Frankfurt am Main,  February 16,  2009
KPMG AG
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Dr.  Bernd Erle
German Public Auditor 
Rainer Gebele
German Public Auditor 
adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

151

Consolidated balance sheet (IFRS)
€ in millions
Note 
Dec.  31,  2008

Dec.  31,  2007

Change in %

Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term financial assets
Accounts receivable
Inventories
Income tax receivables
Other current assets
Assets classified as held for sale
Total current assets
Property,  plant and equipment
Goodwill
Trademarks
Other intangible assets
Long-term financial assets
Deferred tax assets
Other non-current assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets 

6

8
28

3

244
141
1624
1995
110
789
31
4934
886
1499
1390
204
96
344
180
4599
9533

295
86
1459
1629
60
529
80
4138
702
1436
1291
194
103
315
147
4188
8325

(173)
641
113
225
829
491
(602)
193
262
43
76
49
(68)
92
249
98
145

Short-term borrowings
Accounts payable
Income taxes
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Other current liabilities
Liabilities classified as held for sale
Total current liabilities
Long-term borrowings
Pensions and similar obligations
Deferred tax liabilities
Non-current accrued liabilities and provisions
Other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities
Share capital
Reserves
Retained earnings
Shareholders' equity
Minority interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity 
15

797
1218
321
1008
295

3645
1776
132
463
65
52
2488
194
(10)
3202
3386
14
3400
9533

186
849
285
1025
266

2615
1960
124
450
73
69
2676
204
161
2658
3023
11
3034
8325

3283
435
129
(17)
106
338
393
(94)
63
29
(113)
(233)
(70)
(50)
(1049)
204
120
255
121
145

10
11
12
12
13
28
14

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

152

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Consolidated Balance Sheet — Consolidated Income Statement 
28
16
17

15
18
28
16
19

21
20

Consolidated income statement (IFRS)
€ in millions
Note 
Net sales
Cost of sales
Gross profit
(% of net sales)
Royalty and commission income
Other operating income
Other operating expenses
(% of net sales)
Operating profit
(% of net sales)
Financial income
Financial expenses
Income before taxes
(% of net sales)
Income taxes
(% of income before taxes)
Net income
(% of net sales)
Net income attributable to shareholders
(% of net sales)
Net income attributable to minority interests
Basic earnings per share (in €)
Diluted earnings per share (in €)

Year ending Dec.  31,  2008

Year ending Dec.  31,  2007

Change 
30

10799
5543
5256
487%
89
103
4378
405%
1070
99%
37
203
904
84%
260
288%
644
60%
642
59%


10299
5417
4882
474%
102
80
4115
400%
949
92%
36
170
815
79%
260
318%
555
54%
551
54%


49%
23%
77%
13pp
(127%)
284%
64%
06pp
127%
07pp
54%
192%
110%
05pp
04%
(30pp)
160%
06pp
164%
06pp
(389%)

325
307

271
257

199%
196%

10,  12,  24
10,  12,  25

27
27

28

29
29

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

153

Consolidated statement of cash flows (IFRS)
€ in millions
Note 
Operating activities:
Income before taxes
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation
Unrealised foreign exchange gains,  net
Interest income
Interest expense
Gains on sale of property,  plant and equipment,  net
Other non-cash income
Operating profit before working capital changes
Increase in receivables and other current assets
(Increase) /Decrease in inventories
Increase in accounts payable and other current liabilities
Cash provided by operations before interest and taxes
Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by operating activities
Investing activities:
Purchase of trademarks and other intangible assets
Proceeds from sale of other intangible assets
Purchase of property,  plant and equipment
Proceeds from sale of property,  plant and equipment
Acquisition of further investments in subsidiaries
Acquisition of subsidiaries and other business units net of cash acquired
Purchase of short-term financial assets
Purchase of investments and other long-term assets
Interest received
Net cash used in investing activities 
154

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
27
27
24


4,  31

Year ending Dec.  31,  2007

904
10,  12,  13,  25

Year ending Dec.  31,  2008

815

234
(46)
(37)
178
(7)
(21)
1205
(236)
(324)
374
1019
(176)
(346)
497

215
(23)
(27)
166
(7)
—
1139
(66)
26
97
1196
(161)
(255)
780

(60)

(316)
27
(6)
(50)
(59)
(25)
37
(444)

(55)
10
(230)
30
(7)
(2)
(47)
(11)
27
(285)

Consolidated statement of cash flows (IFRS)
€ in millions
Note 
Financing activities:
Proceeds from /Repayments of long-term borrowings
Dividend to shareholders of adidas AG
Dividend to minority shareholders
Exercised share options
Repurchase of adidas AG shares
Cash repayments of short-term borrowings
Net cash used in financing activities
Effect of exchange rates on cash
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and cash equivalents at year-end 

5

Year ending Dec.  31,  2007

588
(99)
(0)

(409)
(186)
(106)

(315)
(85)
(1)

—
(109)
(510)



21

Year ending Dec.  31,  2008

(1)

(51)
295
244

(16)
311
295

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

155

Consolidated statement of recognised income and expense
€ in millions
Note 
Year ending Dec.  31,  2008

Year ending Dec.  31,  2007

23
18

149

78
229

(38)
10
(237)
(265)

Net income after taxes 
644

555

Total income and expense recognised in the financial statements 
873

290

Attributable to shareholders of adidas AG
Attributable to minority interests 
871


286


Net gain /(loss) on cash flow hedges,  net of tax
Actuarial gain of defined benefit plans,  net of tax
Currency translation
Net income recognised directly in equity 
Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

156

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Consolidated statement of recognised income and expense — Notes 
Notes
adidas AG,  a listed German stock corporation,  and its subsidiaries
design,  develop,  produce and market increasingly through own-retail
activities a broad range of athletic and sports lifestyle products. 
The Group's Headquarters are located at Adi-Dassler-Str.  1,  91074
Herzogenaurach,  Germany.  The adidas Group has divided its operating
activities by major brands into three segments: adidas,  Reebok and
TaylorMade-adidas Golf. 
adidas branded products include footwear,  apparel and hardware,  such
as bags and balls.  The products are designed and developed by adidas
and are almost exclusively manufactured by subcontractors on behalf of
adidas. 
Reebok branded products also include footwear,  apparel and hardwaresuch as bags and balls.  The products are designed and developed by
Reebok and are almost exclusively manufactured by subcontractors on
behalf of Reebok. 
TaylorMade designs,  develops and assembles or manufactures highquality golf clubs,  balls and accessories.  adidas Golf branded products
include footwear,  apparel and accessories. 

 General
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of adidas AG and its subsidiaries (collectively the 'adidas Group" or the 'Group") as at December 31,  2008,  are prepared in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS),  as adopted by the European Union,  and
the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to § 315a section 1 HGB. 

New standards,  amendments to standards and interpretations applicable for the financial year
ending December 31,  2008 are:
— IAS 39/ IFRS 7 Amendments Reclassification of Financial Instruments (effective date: July
1,  2008): These amendments had no impact on the Group's financial statements. 
— IFRIC 11 IFRS 2 Group and Treasury Share Transactions (effective date: March 1,  2007):
This interpretation had no impact on the Group's financial statements. 
— IFRIC 14 IAS 19 The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset,  Minimum Funding Requirements
and their Interaction (effective date: January 1,  2008): This interpretation had no impact on the
Group's financial statements. 
New standards and interpretations that will be effective for financial years after December 312008,  and have not been applied in preparing these consolidated financial statements are:
— IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements Revised (effective date: January 1,  2009): This
amendment is not expected to have any material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
— IAS 23 Borrowing Costs Revised (effective date: January 1,  2009): This amendment is not
expected to have any material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
— IAS 32 / IAS 1 Amendments Puttable Financial Instruments and Obligations Arising on
Liquidation (effective date: January 1,  2009): These amendments are not expected to have any
material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
— IFRS 1 / IAS 27 Amendments Cost of an Investment in a Subsidiary,  Jointly Controlled Entity
or Associate (effective date: January 1,  2009): These amendments are not expected to have any
material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
— IFRS 2 Amendment Share-based Payment Vesting Conditions and Cancellations (effective
date: January 1,  2009): This amendment is not expected to have any impact on the Group's financial statements. 
— IFRS 8 Operating Segments (effective date: January 1,  2009): This new standard is not
expected to have any impact on the Group's financial statements. 
— IFRIC 13 Customer Loyalty Programmes (effective date: July,  2008): This interpretation is not
expected to have any material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
— Improvements to IFRSs (2007) (effective date: January 1,  2009): These improvements are not
expected to have any material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
Entities shall apply the new standards,  amendments to existing standards and interpretations for
annual periods beginning on or after the effective date. 
New standards and interpretations,  and amendments to existing standards and interpretations
are usually not applied by the Group before the effective date. 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis,  with the
exception of certain items such as cash and cash equivalents,  available-for-sale financial assetsderivative financial instruments and receivables,  which are measured at fair value. 
The consolidated financial statements are presented in euros and all values are rounded to the
nearest million. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

157

 Summary of significant accounting policies
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with the consolidationaccounting and valuation principles described below. 

Currency translation
Transactions of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated into the respective
functional currency at spot rates on the transaction date. 

Principles of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of adidas AG and its direct and
indirect subsidiaries,  which are prepared in accordance with uniform accounting principles. 

In the individual financial statements of Group companies,  monetary items denominated in nonfunctional currencies of the subsidiaries are generally measured at closing exchange rates at
the balance sheet date.  The resulting currency gains and losses are recorded directly in income. 

 company is considered a subsidiary if adidas AG directly or indirectly governs the financial
and operating policies of the respective enterprise. 

Assets and liabilities of the Group's non-euro functional currency subsidiaries are translated into
the reporting currency,  the 'euro",  which is also the functional currency of adidas AG,  at closing
exchange rates at the balance sheet date.  Revenues and expenses are translated at exchange
rates on the transaction dates.  All cumulative differences from the translation of equity of foreign
subsidiaries resulting from changes in exchange rates,  are included in a separate item within
shareholders' equity without affecting income. 

The number of consolidated subsidiaries evolved as follows for the years ending December 312008 and 2007,  respectively:

Number of consolidated companies 
 summary of exchange rates to the euro for major currencies in which the Group operates is as
follows:
2008

171
10
(3)
(2)
14
190

January 1
Newly founded /consolidated companies
Divestments /exclusion from consolidation
Merged companies
Purchased companies
December 31

2007

168

(1)
(2)
—
171

 schedule of the shareholdings of adidas AG is shown in Attachment II to these Notes.  Furthera schedule of these shareholdings will be published in the electronic platform of the German
Federal Gazette. 
The first-time consolidation of purchased companies had a material impact in 2008

see Note 4. 

Within the scope of the first-time consolidation,  all acquired assets and liabilities are recognised
in the balance sheet at fair value.  A debit difference between the acquisition cost and the proportionate fair value of assets and liabilities is shown as goodwill.  A credit difference is recorded in
the income statement.  No fair value adjustments are recognised at the first-time consolidation
of acquired minority interests in companies accounted for using the 'purchase method".  A debit
difference between the cost for such an additional investment and the carrying amount of the net
assets at the acquisition date is shown as goodwill.  A credit difference is recorded in the income
statement. 
All intercompany transactions and balances,  as well as any unrealised gains and losses
arising from intercompany transactions are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial
statements. 

158

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
Exchange rates
€ 1 equals
Average rate
for the year ending Dec.  31

Spot rate
at Dec.  31

2008

USD
GBP
JPY

2007

2008

2007

14702
07956
15239

13709
06845
16119

13917
09525
12614

14721
07334
16493

Derivative financial instruments
The Group uses derivative financial instruments,  such as currency options,  forward contracts
as well as interest rate swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps,  to hedge its exposure to
foreign exchange and interest rate risks.  In accordance with its Treasury Policy,  the Group does
not enter into derivative financial instruments with banks for trading purposes. 
Derivative financial instruments are initially recognised in the balance sheet at fair value,  and
subsequently also measured at their fair value.  The method of recognising the resulting gains
or losses is dependent on the nature of the item being hedged.  On the date a derivative contract
is entered into,  the Group designates certain derivatives as either a hedge of a forecasted transaction (cash flow hedge),  a hedge of the fair value of a recognised asset or liability (fair value
hedge) or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign entity. 

Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges,  and
that are effective,  as defined in IAS 39,  are recognised in equity.  When the effectiveness is not
100%,  the ineffective portion of the fair value is recognised in net income.  Cumulated gains and
losses in equity are transferred to the income statement in the same periods during which the
hedged forecasted transaction affects the income statement. 

Receivables and other assets
Receivables and other assets are recognised at fair value,  which is estimated as the present
value of future cash flows discounted at the market rate of interest at the balance sheet date.  If
necessary,  required allowances are determined on the basis of individual risk assessment and
past experience of losses. 

For derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges,  the gains or losses on the derivatives and the offsetting gains or losses on the hedged items are recognised immediately in net
income. 

Inventories
Merchandise and finished goods are valued at the lower of cost or net realisable value,  which
is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of
completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.  Costs are determined using a
standard valuation method: the 'average cost method".  Costs of finished goods include cost of
raw materials,  direct labour and the components of the manufacturing overheads which can reasonably be attributed.  The net realisable value allowances are computed consistently throughout
the Group based on the age and expected future sales of the items on hand. 

Certain derivative transactions,  while providing effective economic hedges under the Group's risk
management policies,  may not qualify for hedge accounting under the specific rules of IAS 39. 
Changes in the fair value of any derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting
under IAS 39 are recognised immediately in the income statement. 
Hedges of net investments in foreign entities are accounted for in a similar way to cash flow
hedges.  If,  for example,  the hedging instrument is a derivative (e.g.  a forward contract) or,  for
example,  a foreign currency borrowing,  effective currency gains and losses in the derivative and
all gains and losses arising on the translation of the borrowing,  respectively,  are recognised in
equity. 
The Group documents the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items at
transaction inception,  as well as the risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking
various hedge transactions.  This process includes linking all derivatives designated as hedges
to specific firm commitments and forecasted transactions.  The Group also documents its
assessment of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective by using different methods of effectiveness testing,  such as the 'dollar offset method" or
the 'hypothetical derivative method". 
The fair values of forward contracts and currency options are determined on the basis of market
conditions on the reporting dates.  The fair value of a currency option is determined using generally accepted models to calculate option prices.  The fair market value of an option is influenced
not only by the remaining term of the option but also by additional factors,  such as the actual
foreign exchange rate and the volatility of the underlying foreign currency base.  The fair values of
interest rate options on the reporting date are assessed by generally accepted models,  such as
the 'Markov functional model". 
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents represent cash and short-term bank deposits with maturities of three
months or less from the date of acquisition. 

Assets /liabilities classified as held-for-sale
Assets and liabilities (primarily non-current) that are expected to be recovered principally
through sale rather than through continuing use are classified as held-for-sale.  These are
measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell. 
Property,  plant and equipment
Property,  plant and equipment are stated at cost (which comprises any costs directly attributable
to bringing the asset to the condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner
intended by Management) less accumulated depreciation (except for land and construction in
progress) and accumulated impairment losses.  Depreciation is computed utilising the 'straightline method",  except where the 'declining-balance method" is more appropriate in light of the
actual utilisation pattern.  Useful lives are as follows:

Useful lives of property,  plant and equipment 
Years 
Buildings /Leasehold improvements
Technical equipment and machinery as well as other equipment and furniture and fittings 
 50
 10

Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.  Renewals and improvements are capitalised and depreciated separately,  if the recognition criteria are met. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

159

Impairment
In the event that facts and circumstances indicate that the cost of non-current assets (financial and non-financial assets) should be impaired,  an evaluation of recoverability is performed. 
An impairment loss is recognised in the income statement if the carrying amount exceeds the
recoverable amount.  If there is an impairment loss for a cash-generating unit,  first the carrying
amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit is reduced,  and subsequently the
other assets of the unit are reduced pro rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset
in the unit. 

Identifiable intangible assets
Acquired intangible assets are valued at cost less accumulated amortisation (except for assets
with indefinite useful lives) and impairment losses.  Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line
basis with the following useful lives:

Useful lives of identifiable intangible assets 
Irrespective of whether there is an impairment indication,  intangible assets with an indefinite
useful life and goodwill acquired in business combinations are tested annually for impairment. 
An impairment loss recognised in goodwill is not reversible.  With respect to other assetsan impairment loss recognised in prior periods is reversed if there has been a change in the
estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.  An impairment loss is reversed only
to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would
have been determined (net of depreciation or amortisation) if no impairment loss had been
recognised. 

Years 
Trademarks
Software
Patents,  trademarks and concessions 
indefinite
3–5
 15

In 2008,  the adidas Group determined that there was no impairment necessary for any of its
trademarks with indefinite useful lives. 

Leases
If substantially all risks and rewards associated with an asset are transferred to the Group under
finance lease agreements,  the asset less accumulated depreciation and the corresponding liability are recognised at the fair value of the asset or the lower net present value of the minimum
lease payments.  Minimum lease payments are apportioned between the finance charge and the
reduction of the outstanding liability.  The finance expense is allocated to each period during the
lease term so as to produce a constant periodic interest rate on the remaining balance of the
liability. 

The recoverable amount is determined on the basis of fair value less costs to sell,  which are calculated with 1% of the fair value.  The fair value is determined in discounting the royalty savings
after tax and adding a tax amortisation benefit,  resulting from the amortisation of the acquired
asset ('relief-from-royalty method").  These calculations use projections of net sales related
royalty savings,  based on financial planning which covers a period of five years in total.  Royalty
savings beyond this period are extrapolated using steady growth rates of 17% (2007: 25%). 
The growth rates do not exceed the long-term average growth rate of the business to which the
trademarks are allocated. 

Under operating lease agreements,  rent expenses are recognised on a straight-line basis over
the term of the lease. 

The discount rate is based on a weighted average cost of capital calculation considering a fiveyear average debt /equity structure and financing costs including the Group's major competitors. 
The discount rate used is an after-tax rate and reflects the specific equity and country risk.  The
applied discount rate is 83% (2007: 75%). 
If expenditures for internally generated intangible assets qualify for recognition,  these are not
expensed as incurred. 

160

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
Goodwill
Goodwill is the excess of the purchase cost over the fair value of acquired identifiable assets and
liabilities.  Goodwill arising from the acquisition of a foreign entity and any fair value adjustments
to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities of that foreign entity,  are treated as assets and
liabilities of the reporting entity respectively,  and are translated at exchange rates prevailing at
the date of the initial consolidation.  Goodwill is carried in the functional currency of the acquired
foreign entity. 
Acquired goodwill is valued at cost less accumulated impairment losses.  Effective January 12005,  scheduled amortisation of goodwill ceased due to changes in IFRS.  Goodwill is tested
annually for impairment,  and additionally when there are indications of potential impairment. 
Goodwill has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to three cash-generating units. 
The Group's cash-generating units are identified according to major brand of operations in line
with the internal management approach.  The adidas Group has thus defined the three segments
adidas,  Reebok and TaylorMade-adidas Golf as the relevant cash-generating units. 
The carrying amounts of acquired goodwill are allocated to the cash-generating units as follows:

The recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit Reebok exceeds its carrying amount by
€ 108 million.  This cash-generating unit is sensitive to the following areas: a net sales decrease
of 5% over the five-year financial planning period or an increase of the discount rate by 03 percentage points (by applying a discount rate of 84%) would lead to an impairment. 
Research and development
Research costs are expensed as incurred.  Development costs are also expensed as incurred
when recognition criteria are not met. 
The Group spent € 81 million and € 84 million on product research and development for the
years ending December 31,  2008 and 2007,  respectively. 
Financial assets
All purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date.  Costs of purchases
include transaction costs.  If the fair value of available-for-sale financial assets (i, e.  nonderivative financial assets which are not allocable under another category of IAS 39) can be
measured reliably,  they are subsequently carried at fair value.  Realised and unrealised gains
and losses arising from changes in the fair value of financial assets are included in the income
statement for the period in which they arise,  except for available-for-sale financial assets
where unrealised gains and losses are recognised in equity unless they are impaired. 

Allocation of goodwill
€ in millions 
adidas 
January 1,  2008
Additions
Currency effects
December 31,  2008

Reebok 
TaylorMadeadidas Golf 
Total
goodwill 
748
18
24
790

406
—
19
425

282
—

284

1436
18
45
1499

In 2008,  the adidas Group determined that no impairment of goodwill was necessary. 
The recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit is determined on the basis of value in use. 
This calculation uses cash flow projections based on the financial planning covering a five-year
period in total in the case of the cash-generating unit Reebok and a four-year period in total in
the case of the cash-generating units adidas and TaylorMade-adidas Golf.  Cash flows beyond
this period are extrapolated using steady growth rates of 17% (2007: 20% to 25%).  These
growth rates do not exceed the long-term average growth rate of the business in which each
cash-generating unit operates. 

Borrowings and other liabilities
Borrowings and other liabilities are recognised at fair value using the 'effective interest method"net of transaction costs incurred.  In subsequent periods,  long-term borrowings are stated at
amortised cost using the 'effective interest method".  Any difference between proceeds (net of
transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in the income statement over the term
of the borrowing. 
The fair value of the liability component of the Group's convertible bond was determined using
 market interest rate for a comparable straight bond at time of issuance.  This amount is presented as part of long-term borrowings on an amortised cost basis until conversion or maturity
of the bond.  The remaining portion is included in shareholders' equity where the value of the
equity component is not changed in subsequent periods. 
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Provisions are recognised where a present obligation (legal or constructive) to third parties has
been incurred which is likely to lead to an outflow of resources,  and where the timing or amount
is uncertain.  Non-current provisions are discounted if the effect of discounting is material. 
With respect to accrued liabilities,  the timing and amount of an outflow of resources is not
uncertain. 

Discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of capital calculation considering a fiveyear average debt /equity structure and financing costs including the Group's major competitors
of each cash-generating unit.  The discount rates used are after-tax rates and reflect the specific
equity and country risk of the relevant cash-generating unit.  The applied discount rates for
specific cash-generating units are between 82% and 88% (2007: between 75% and 84%). 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

161

Pensions and similar obligations
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations comprise the Group provision obligation under
defined benefit and contribution plans.  Obligations under defined benefit plans are calculated
separately for each plan by estimating the benefit amount that employees have earned in return
for their service during the current and prior periods.  That benefit is discounted to determine its
present value,  and the fair value of any plan assets is deducted.  The discount rate is the yield at
the balance sheet date on high-quality corporate bonds.  Calculations are performed by qualified
actuaries using the 'projected unit credit method" in accordance with IAS 19.  Obligations for
contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised as an expense in the income statement
when they are due. 
As of January 1,  2005,  due to application of the amendment to IAS 19 ('Employee Benefits"
issued in December 2004),  the Group recognises actuarial gains or losses to defined benefit
plans arising during the financial year immediately outside the income statement in 'other
reserves" within equity,  as shown in the statement of recognised income and expense. 
Recognition of revenues
Sales are recognised at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable,  net of returnstrade discounts and volume rebates,  when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the
goods are transferred to the buyer,  and when it is probable that the economic benefits associated
with the transaction will flow to the Group. 
Royalty and commission income is recognised based on the contract terms on an accrual basis. 
Advertising and promotional expenditures
Production costs for media campaigns are included in prepaid expenses (other current and
non-current assets) until finalised,  and upon completion are expensed in full.  Significant
TV media buying costs are expensed over the original duration of the broadcast. 
Promotional expenses that involve payments,  including one-time up-front payments for promotional contracts,  are expensed systematically over the term of the agreement. 
Interest
Interest is recognised as income or expense as incurred (using the 'effective interest method")
and is not capitalised. 
Income taxes
Current income taxes are computed in accordance with the applicable taxation rules established
in the countries in which the Group operates. 
The Group computes deferred taxes for all temporary differences between the carrying amount
and the tax base of its assets and liabilities and tax loss carry-forwards.  As it is not permitted
to recognise a deferred tax liability for goodwill,  the Group does not compute any deferred taxes
thereon. 

162

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences and tax loss carry-forwards
which exceed taxable temporary differences are only recognised to the extent that it is probable
that the company concerned will generate sufficient taxable income to realise the associated
benefit. 
Income tax is recognised in the income statement except to the extent that it relates to items
recognised directly in equity,  in which case it is recognised in equity. 
Equity compensation benefits
Stock options were granted to members of the Executive Board of adidas AG as well as to the
managing directors /senior vice presidents of its affiliated companies and to further senior executives of the Group in connection with the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) of adidas AG
see also Note 33.  The Company has the choice to settle a potential obligation by issuing new
shares or providing the equivalent cash compensation.  When options are exercised and the Company decides to issue new shares,  the proceeds received net of any transaction costs are credited
to share capital and capital surplus.  In the past,  the Company has chosen to issue new shares.  It
is planned to maintain this methodology in the future. 
In accordance with IFRS 2,  an expense and a corresponding entry to equity for equity-settled
stock options and an expense and a liability for cash-settled stock options is recorded. 
The Group has applied IFRS 2 retrospectively and has taken advantage of the transitional provisions of IFRS 2 with respect to equity-settled awards.  As a result,  the Group has applied IFRS 2
only to equity-settled awards granted after November 7,  2002,  that had not yet vested on January
1,  2005 [Tranche V (2003)]. 
Estimation uncertainties
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of assumptions
and estimates that affect reported amounts and related disclosures.  Although such estimates
are based on Management's best knowledge of current events and actions,  actual results may
ultimately differ from these estimates. 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty
at the balance sheet date which have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are outlined in the
see Note 11,  trademarks
see Note 12,  provisions
respective Notes,  in particular goodwill
see Note 16,  pensions
see Note 18,  derivatives
see Note 23 as well as deferred taxes
see Note 28. 

 Assets / liabilities classified as held-for-sale
Part of the assets of GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG and adidas AG
as well as assets of Immobilieninvest und Betriebsgesellschaft Herzo-Base GmbH & Co.  KG
within the HQ /Consolidation segment are presented as disposal groups held-for-sale as of
December 31,  2007 following a Memorandum of Understanding signed by the Group's Management on December 21,  2006.  At December 31,  2007,  the respective disposal groups contained
assets of € 60 million less liabilities of € 4 million.  In the meantime,  assets of adidas AG and
assets of Immobilieninvest und Betriebsgesellschaft Herzo-Base GmbH & Co.  KG as well as
part of the assets of GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG have been
transferred to property,  plant and equipment due to a change in conditions.  For the years ending December 31,  2008 and 2007,  depreciation in the amount of € 1 million and € 2 millionrespectively,  has been reflected for the assets transferred to property,  plant and equipment. 
The remaining part of GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG continues
to be presented as held-for-sale due to a Memorandum of Understanding of a new investor.  At
December 31,  2008,  these assets classified as held-for-sale amounted to € 12 million.  Contract
finalisation is expected in 2009. 
Furthermore,  the previous adidas and Reebok warehouses in the UK have been classified as
assets held-for-sale due to the proposed move of storage and distribution facilities to a new
shared warehouse (December 31,  2008: € 5 million; December 31,  2007: € 10 million).  In 2008impairment losses in the amount of € 2 million were recognised in other operating expenses. 
Furthermore,  the assets lost in value due to the devaluation of the British pound.  The selling
process commenced in April 2007 and contract finalisation is expected in 2009. 
In addition,  a Rockport warehouse in the USA is classified as held-for-sale as a result of the
intention to sell and the existence of a purchase offer (€ 4 million).  Contract finalisation is
expected in 2009. 

In connection with the planned divesture of the Maxfli golf ball brand,  the carrying amount
of this trademark was also classified as an asset held-for-sale (€ 7 million) at December 312007.  The selling negotiations commenced in September 2007,  and the contract was executed
in February 2008. 

Assets classified as held-for-sale
€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

14

10

31

33
—
40

80

Dec.  31,  2008

Dec.  31,  2007


1

6

Accounts receivable and other current assets
Inventories
Property,  plant and equipment,  net
Trademarks and other intangible assets,  net
Total 
Dec.  31,  2007


2
—


Liabilities classified as held-for-sale
€ in millions 
Accounts payable and other current liabilities
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Deferred tax liabilities
Total 
Due to the intention to sell and several existing letters of intent,  Gekko Brands,  LLC,  which was
acquired within the scope of the acquisition of Ashworth,  Inc.,  is classified as a disposal group
held-for-sale.  The selling process commenced in December 2008,  and contract finalisation is
expected in 2009.  At December 31,  2008,  this disposal group contains assets of € 10 million less
liabilities of € 6 million. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

163

 Acquisition /disposal of subsidiaries as well as assets and liabilities
Effective January 3,  2008,  adidas Canada acquired 100% of the shares of Saxon Athletic Manufacturing,  Inc.  for a purchase price in the amount of CAD 46 million.  Based in Brantford /Ontario
(Canada),  Saxon Athletic is a design,  development,  marketing and manufacturing company for
team uniforms worn by professional and amateur teams throughout North America. 

Effective April 1,  2008,  adidas International B. V.  acquired 9999% of the shares of Reebok
Productos Esportivos Brasil Ltda.  (formerly Comercial Vulcabras Ltda. ) for a purchase price in
the amount of BRL 6 million.  Based in Jundiai (Brazil),  Reebok Productos Esportivos Brasil Ltda. 
(formerly Comercial Vulcabras Ltda. ) is a marketing company for Reebok products in Brazil. 
The acquisition had the following effect on the Group's assets and liabilities:

The acquisition had the following effect on the Group's assets and liabilities:
Reebok Productos Esportivos Brasil Ltda. 's net assets at the acquisition date
Saxon Athletic Manufacturing,  Inc. 's net assets at the acquisition date 
€ in millions 
€ in millions
Preacquisition
carrying
amounts 

1
(1)
(1)


Accounts receivable
Inventories
Borrowings
Other current liabilities
Net assets
Goodwill arising on acquisition
Purchase price settled in cash
Cash and cash equivalents acquired
Cash outflow on acquisition 
Fair value
adjustments 
—
—
—
—
—

Recognised
values on
acquisition 

1
(1)
(1)

2

—


Pre-acquisition carrying amounts were based on applicable IFRS standards. 
The acquired subsidiary contributed € 0 million to the Group's net income for the period from
February to December 2008. 
Effective January 10,  2008,  adidas AG acquired an additional 225% of the shares of its subsidiary
for the adidas brand in Greece,  adidas Hellas A. E.,  Thessaloniki (Greece),  for a purchase price in
the amount of € 6 million,  thus taking its controlling stake to over 95%. 

164

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
Preacquisition
carrying
amounts 
Inventories
Other current assets
Net assets
Goodwill arising on acquisition
Purchase price settled in cash
Cash and cash equivalents acquired
Cash outflow on acquisition 
Fair value
adjustments 

0


—
—
—

Recognised
values on
acquisition 
Pre-acquisition carrying amounts were based on applicable IFRS standards. 
If this acquisition had occurred on January 1,  2008,  total Group net sales would have been
€ 108 billion and net income would have been € 641 million for the year ending December 312008. 
The acquired subsidiary contributed € 6 million to the Group's net income for the period from
April to December 2008. 


0

—

—


Effective September 5,  2008,  adidas International,  Inc.  acquired 100% of the shares of TextronicsInc.  for a purchase price in the amount of US $ 35 million.  Based in Wilmington /Delaware (USA)Textronics,  Inc.  is a specialist in the development of wearable sensors for use in fitness and
health monitoring. 
The acquisition had the following effect on the Group's assets and liabilities (based on a
preliminary purchase price allocation):

Textronics,  Inc. 's net assets at the acquisition date
€ in millions
Preacquisition
carrying
amounts 
Cash and cash equivalents
Inventories
Other current assets
Property,  plant and equipment,  net
Trademarks and other intangible assets,  net
Deferred tax assets
Accounts payable
Other current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities
Net assets
Goodwill arising on acquisition
Purchase price settled in cash
Cash and cash equivalents acquired
Cash outflow on acquisition 
Fair value
adjustments 

0

0
—
—
(0)
(0)
—


—
—
—
—

3
—
—
(3)


Recognised
values on
acquisition 

0

0

3
(0)
(0)
(3)

16
25

25

The following valuation methods for the acquired assets were applied:
— Trademarks and other intangible assets: The 'relief-from-royalty" method was applied for
trademarks /trade names.  The fair value was determined by discounting the royalty savings after
tax and adding a tax amortisation benefit,  resulting from the amortisation of the acquired asset. 
For the valuation of core technology,  the 'multi-period-excess-earnings method" was used. 
The respective future excess cash flows were identified and adjusted in order to eliminate all
elements not associated with these assets.  Future cash flows were measured on the basis of the
expected sales by deducting variable and sales-related imputed costs for the use of contributory assets.  Subsequently,  the outcome was discounted using the appropriate discount rate and
adding a tax amortisation benefit.  The 'income approach" was applied for covenants not-tocompete by comparing the estimated prospective cash flows with and without the agreements
in place.  The value of the covenants not-to-compete is the difference between these discounted
cash flows being discounted to present value at the appropriate discount rate. 
The excess of the acquisition cost paid versus the net of the amounts of the fair values assigned
to all assets acquired and liabilities assumed,  taking into consideration the respective deferred
taxes,  was recognised as goodwill.  Any acquired asset that did not meet the identification and
recognition criteria for an asset was included in the amount recognised as goodwill. 
The goodwill arising on this acquisition was allocated to the cash-generating unit adidas and is
managed in the local functional currency. 
If this acquisition had occurred on January 1,  2008,  total Group net sales would have been
€ 108 billion and net income would have been € 640 million for the year ending December 312008. 
The acquired subsidiary contributed net losses of € 1 million to the Group's net income for the
period from September to December 2008. 

Pre-acquisition carrying amounts were based on applicable IFRS standards. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

165

Effective November 20,  2008,  as a result of a takeover bid,  Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc.  acquired
100% of the shares of Ashworth,  Inc.,  including all direct and indirect holdings for a purchase
price of US $ 30 million.  Based in Carlsbad /California (USA),  Ashworth is a well-established golf
lifestyle apparel brand. 
The acquisition had the following effect on the Group's assets and liabilities (based on a
preliminary purchase price allocation):

— Property,  plant and equipment: The 'indirect cost method" of the cost approach was applied
for the valuation of property,  plant and equipment.  The comparison method of the market
approach was exclusively applied to the valuation of embroidery machines.  In the 'indirect cost
method" of the cost approach,  the cost of reproduction new for each asset or group of assets was
determined by indexing the original capitalised cost.  If necessary,  allowances have been taken
into account for physical depreciation,  functional and economic obsolescence.  The 'comparison
method" of the market approach was applied by estimating prices of comparable embroidery
machines in terms of age,  make and model.  Indirect cost estimates such as freight,  installation
and set-up were also included in the valuation. 

Ashworth,  Inc. 's net assets at the acquisition date
€ in millions
Preacquisition
carrying
amounts 
Fair value
adjustments 
Recognised
values on
acquisition 

20
27

21

1
(37)
(15)
(0)
(6)
(2)

16

—
—

—

34

—
—
—
(1)
—
(14)
28


20
30

23
37

(37)
(15)
(0)
(7)
(2)
(14)
44

Cash and cash equivalents
Accounts receivable
Inventories
Other current assets
Property,  plant and equipment,  net
Trademarks and other intangible assets,  net
Deferred tax assets
Borrowings
Accounts payable
Income taxes
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Other current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities
Net assets
Negative goodwill arising on acquisition
(recognised in the income statement)
Purchase price settled in cash
Cash and cash equivalents acquired
Cash outflow on acquisition 
Pre-acquisition carrying amounts were based on applicable IFRS standards. 
The following valuation methods for the acquired assets were applied:
— Inventories: The 'pro rata basis valuation" was applied for estimating the fair value of
acquired inventories.  Realised margins were added to the book values of acquired inventories. 
Subsequently,  the costs for completion for selling,  advertising and general administration as
well as a reasonable profit allowance were deducted. 

166

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
21
23

21

— Trademarks and other intangible assets: The 'relief-from-royalty method" was applied for
trademarks /trade names.  The fair value was determined by discounting the royalty savings after
tax and adding a tax amortisation benefit,  resulting from the amortisation of the acquired asset. 
For the valuation of customer relationships,  the 'multi-period-excess-earnings method" was
used.  The respective future excess cash flows were identified and adjusted in order to eliminate
all elements not associated with these assets.  Future cash flows were measured on the basis of
the expected sales by deducting variable and sales-related imputed costs for the use of contributory assets.  Subsequently,  the outcome was discounted using the appropriate discount rate and
adding a tax amortisation benefit.  The 'cost approach" was applied for apparel designs.  These
were valued as the cost to recreate the current design plus the opportunity cost measured as
the cash flow impact between having pre-existing designs versus having to recreate the designs
plus amortisation tax benefit.  The 'discounted cash flow method" was applied for covenants
not-to-compete by comparing the estimated prospective cash flows with and without the subject
agreements in place.  The value of the covenants not-to-compete is the difference between these
discounted cash flows being discounted to present value at the appropriate discount rate.  For
the valuation of backlogs,  the 'income approach" was used.  The corresponding cash flows were
based on the estimated exhaustion of the backlog,  and discounted with an appropriate discount
rate.  Charges for the use of contributory assets and an amortisation tax benefit were also
included in the calculation. 
The negative goodwill resulted from the excess of net assets (fair values assigned to all assets
acquired less liabilities assumed) versus the acquisition cost paid,  due to a massive decrease
in the share price of the company acquired,  also taking the respective deferred taxes into
consideration. 
If this acquisition had occurred on January 1,  2008,  total Group net sales would have been
€ 109 billion and net income would have been € 611 million for the year ending December 312008. 
Mainly due to restructuring costs and other one-time expenses,  the acquired subsidiary contributed losses of € 13 million to the Group's total operating result since the inclusion in the
consolidated financial statements.  Contribution to net income cannot be disclosed due to the
integration of financing and tax activities. 
On November 9,  2007,  the Group acquired the assets and liabilities of Mitchell & Ness,  Inc, based in Philadelphia /Pennsylvania (USA),  as part of an asset deal.  The purchase price of
€ 2 million was paid for inventories (€ 1 million),  accounts receivable (€ 1 million),  accounts
payable (negative € 3 million) and remaining other intangible assets (€ 3 million) based on a
purchase price allocation. 

Movement in allowances for doubtful accounts 
Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
€ in millions 
 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash at banks and on hand as well as short-term bank
deposits. 

2008

The majority of short-term financial assets are marketable securities relating to money market
funds and structured deposits. 
 Accounts receivable
Accounts receivable consist mainly of the currencies US dollar,  euro,  Japanese yen and British
pound and are as follows:

111
49

(22)
(21)
(2)

119

Allowances at January 1
Additions
Additions Ashworth,  Inc.  acquisition
Reversals
Write-offs charged against the allowance accounts
Currency translation differences
Other changes
Allowances at December 31

2007

112
78
—
(64)
(10)
(4)
(1)
111

Accounts receivable past due but not impaired 
 Short-term financial assets
Short-term financial assets are classified at 'fair value through profit or loss".  Changes in the
fair value are recognised in the income statement as they occur. 

€ in millions 
Accounts receivable
past due
 30 days 
€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

Accounts receivable,  gross
Less: allowance for doubtful accounts
Accounts receivable,  net 
Dec.  31,  2007

1743
119
1624

1570
111
1459

Dec.  31,  2008
Dec.  31,  2007

past due
31 60 days 
past due
61 90 days 
past due
91 180 days 
past due
more than
180 days 
163
166

77
64

20
15

10
12

10


With respect to accounts receivable past due but not impaired,  based on credit history and
current credit ratings,  there are no indications that customers will not be able to meet their
obligations. 
Further,  no indications of default are recognisable for accounts receivable that are neither past
due nor impaired. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

167

 Inventories
Inventories by major classification are as follows:

Prepaid expenses relate mainly to promotion agreements and service contracts as well as rents. 
Information in relation to forward contracts as well as currency options and interest rate derivatives is also included in these Notes
see Note 23. 

Inventories
€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

Gross value 
Allowance for
obsolescence 
Net value 
Dec.  31,  2007

Gross value 
Allowance for
obsolescence 
10 Property,  plant and equipment
Property,  plant and equipment consist of the following:

Net value 
Property,  plant and equipment
Finished goods and
merchandise on hand
Goods in transit
Raw materials
Work in progress
Inventories 
€ in millions
1463
566
40
10
2079

82
—

—
84

1381
566
38
10
1995

1187
468
40
12
1707

75
—

—
78

1112
468
37
12
1629

Dec.  31,  2008

Land and buildings
Technical equipment and machinery
Other equipment,  furniture and fittings 
Dec.  31,  2007

489
140
847
1476
656
820
66
886

430
115
629
1174
514
660
42
702

Goods in transit mainly relate to shipments from suppliers in Asia to subsidiaries in EuropeAsia and the Americas.  The allowance for obsolescence mainly relates to gross inventories on
hand which amounted to € 491 million and € 431 million as at December 31,  2008 and 2007respectively
see also Note 2. 

Less: accumulated depreciation 
 Other current assets
Other current assets consist of the following:

Depreciation expenses were € 165 million and € 145 million for the years ending December 312008 and 2007,  respectively
see also Note 25.  Impairment losses which are included within
depreciation and amortisation (shown in other operating expenses
see also Note 25) were
€ 6 million and € 3 million for the years ending December 31,  2008 and 2007,  respectively.  These
are related to assets within other equipment,  furniture and fittings,  mainly in the Group's
own-retail activities,  for which contrary to expectations there will be an insufficient flow of future
economic benefits. 

Other current assets
€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

292
82

168

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
274
68


22
156
66
43
129
791

789

Prepaid expenses
Tax receivables other than income taxes
Financial assets
Interest rate derivatives
Currency options
Forward contracts
Security deposits
Other financial assets
Sundry
Other current assets,  gross
Less: allowance
Other current assets,  net 
Dec.  31,  2007

—
23
11
38
50
67
531

529

Construction in progress,  net
Property,  plant and equipment,  net 
In 2008,  assets amounting to € 41 million and € 3 million in connection with the unrealised sale
see Note 3 were transferred from 'assets classified as held-for-sale" to
of disposal groups
'land and buildings" and 'other equipment,  furniture and fittings" within property,  plant and
equipment respectively. 
The reclassified depreciation expenses consist of depreciation subsequently reflected
Note 3 and the formerly reclassified depreciation which has now been taken back. 

see also 
Contractual commitments for the acquisition of property,  plant and equipment mainly relate to
building projects in Herzogenaurach amounting to € 32 million. 
For details see Statement of Movements of Tangible and Intangible Assets and Financial Assets (Attachment I to these Notes). 

11 Goodwill
Goodwill primarily relates to the Group's acquisitions of the Reebok and TaylorMade businesses
as well as recent and previous acquisitions of subsidiaries in the United States,  Australia /New
Zealand,  Netherlands /Belgium and Italy. 

12 Trademarks and other intangible assets
Trademarks and other intangible assets consist of the following:

Trademarks and other intangible assets
€ in millions 
Goodwill
€ in millions 
Dec.  31,  2008

Dec.  31,  2008

Goodwill,  gross
Less: impairment
Goodwill,  net 
Dec.  31,  2007

1499
—
1499

1436
—
1436

The majority of goodwill which primarily relates to the acquisition of the Reebok business in 2006
is denominated in US dollars.  A positive currency translation effect of € 45 million and negative
€ 80 million was recorded for the years ending December 31,  2008 and 2007,  respectively. 
From January 1,  2005,  goodwill is tested annually for impairment.  There was no impairment
expense for the years ending December 31,  2008 and 2007.  The Group determines whether
goodwill impairment is necessary at least on an annual basis.  This requires an estimation of the
value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated.  Estimating the value
in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cashgenerating unit and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value
of those cash flows. 
Future changes in expected cash flows and discount rates may lead to impairments of the
accounted goodwill in the future. 
For details see Statement of Movements of Tangible and Intangible Assets and Financial Assets (Attachment I to these Notes). 

1390

1390
517
313
204
1594

Trademarks,  gross
Less: accumulated amortisation
Trademarks,  net
Software,  patents and concessions,  gross
Less: accumulated amortisation
Other intangible assets,  net
Trademarks and other intangible assets,  net 
Dec.  31,  2007

1291
—
1291
441
247
194
1485

Intangible asset amortisation expenses were € 61 million and € 64 million for the years ending
December 31,  2008 and 2007,  respectively
see also Note 25. 
At December 31,  2008,  trademarks related to the Reebok acquisition as well as the Ashworth
acquisition with indefinite useful lives amounted to € 1359 million (December 31,  2007:
€ 1285 million) and € 21 million.  They were estimated to be indefinite due to the high degree of
brand recognition as well as their long-standing heritage.  The trademarks are allocated to the
cash-generating units Reebok as well as TaylorMade-adidas Golf. 
The Group determines whether trademarks with indefinite useful life are impaired at least on
an annual basis.  This requires an estimation of the fair value less costs to sell of the trademarks.  Estimating the fair value less costs to sell requires the Group to make an estimate of the
expected future brand-specific sales and appropriate arm's length royalty rates from the cashgenerating unit and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value
of those cash flows.  There was no impairment expense for the years ending December 31,  2008
and 2007. 
Future changes in expected cash flows and discount rates may lead to impairments of the
accounted trademarks in the future. 
For details see Statement of Movements of Tangible and Intangible Assets and Financial Assets (Attachment I to these Notes). 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

169

13 Long-term financial assets
Long-term financial assets include a 10% investment in FC Bayern München AG of € 77 million
which remains unchanged from when the stake was purchased in July 2002.  This investment is
classified as available-for-sale and recorded at fair value.  This equity security does not have a
quoted market price in an active market,  therefore existing contractual settlements were used in
order to reasonably estimate the fair value as at December 31,  2008.  Dividends are distributed by
FC Bayern München AG instead of regular interest payments. 
Additionally,  long-term financial assets include investments which are mainly invested in insurance products and are measured at fair value,  as well as loans. 
Fair value adjustments from impairment losses amounted to € 0 million and € 4 million for the
years ending December 31,  2008 and 2007,  respectively.  In the prior year,  these are related to
impairments of other financial assets to cover anticipated risks of default
see also Note 27. 
For details see Statement of Movements of Tangible and Intangible Assets and Financial Assets (Attach
15 Borrowings and credit lines
With settlement on October 8,  2003,  adidas issued a € 400 million convertible bond through its
wholly-owned Dutch subsidiary,  adidas International Finance B. V.  The bond was guaranteed by
adidas AG and issued in tranches of € 50000 each with a maturity up to 15 years.  The bond is,  at
the option of the respective holder,  subject to certain conditions,  convertible from and including
November 18,  2003,  up to and including September 20,  2018,  into ordinary no-par-value bearer
shares of adidas AG at the conversion price of € 2550 which was fixed upon issue.  The coupon
of the bond is 25% and is payable annually in arrears on October 8 of each year,  commencing
on October 8,  2004.  The bond is convertible into approximately 16 million no-par-value bearer
shares. 
The convertible bond is not callable by the issuer until October 2009.  It is callable thereaftersubject to a 130% trigger between October 2009 and October 2012 and subject to a 115% trigger
between October 2012 and 2015.  The convertible bond is unconditionally callable thereafter. 
Investors have the right to put at par the bond in October 2009,  October 2012 and October 2015. 

ment I to these Notes). 

The fair values of the liability component and the equity conversion component were determined
on the issuance of the bond.  The fair value of the liability component,  included in long-term
borrowings,  was calculated using a market interest rate of approximately 46% for an equivalent
straight bond without conversion rights.  Due to the retrospective application of the amendment
to IAS 39 and IAS 32,  the liability and equity split of the convertible bond changed.  As a resultthe liability component as at the date of issuance increased by € 711 million with an equivalent
decrease in equity.  The amount of the equity component,  which is included in equity in the capital
reserve,  amounts to € 441 million (less transaction costs of € 09 million).  The liability component is valued using the 'effective interest method". 

14 Other non-current assets
Other non-current assets consist of the following:

Other non-current assets
€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

108

105


19

23

13
180

Prepaid expenses
Financial assets
Interest rate derivatives
Currency options
Forward contracts
Security deposits
Other financial assets
Sundry
Other non-current assets 
Dec.  31,  2007


3
—
22

12
147

Prepaid expenses mainly include prepayments for long-term promotional contracts and service
contracts
see also Note 32 and Note 22. 

170

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
The adidas AG share first traded above 110% (€ 2805) of the conversion price of € 2550
on more than 20 trading days within the last 30 trading days in the fourth quarter of 2004. 
Consequently,  bondholders have had the right to convert their convertible bonds into equity
since January 1,  2005.  An early redemption or conversion of the convertible bond is currently
not expected. 

Gross borrowings increased by € 427 million in 2008 compared to a decrease of € 432 million in
2007. 
Borrowings are denominated in a variety of currencies in which the Group conducts its business. 
The largest portions of effective gross borrowings (before liquidity swaps for cash management
purposes) as at December 31,  2008 are denominated in euros (2008: 57%; 2007: 51%) and
US dollars (2008: 39%; 2007: 45%). 

The amounts disclosed as borrowings represent outstanding borrowings under the following
arrangements with aggregated expiration dates as follows:

Gross borrowings as at December 31,  2008
€ in millions 
Up to 1 year 
Month-end weighted average interest rates on borrowings in all currencies ranged from 48%
to 54% in 2008 and from 52% to 56% in 2007. 
As at December 31,  2008,  the Group had cash credit lines and other long-term financing
arrangements totalling € 65 billion (2007: € 63 billion); thereof unused credit lines accounted
for € 39 billion (2007: € 41 billion).  In addition,  the Group had separate lines for the issuance
of letters of credit in an amount of approximately € 03 billion (2007: € 02 billion). 
The Group's outstanding financings are unsecured. 
The private placement and convertible bond documentation each contain a negative-pledge
clause.  Additionally,  the private placement documentation contains minimum equity covenants
and net loss covenants.  As at December 31,  2008,  and December 31,  2007,  actual shareholders'
equity was well above the amount of the minimum equity covenant.  Likewise,  the relevant
amount of net income clearly exceeded net loss covenants. 

Between
 and 3 years 
Between
 and 5 years 
After 5 years 
Total 
—
404
393
797

—
462
—
462

748
332
—
1080

—
234
—
234

748
1432
393
2573

Bank borrowings incl.  commercial paper
Private placements
Convertible bond
Total 
In accordance with the long-term funding strategy,  the bank borrowings and commercial paper
with short-term maturities are also classified as long-term borrowings as they represent permanent funding volumes that are covered by the committed long-term syndicated loan. 

Gross borrowings as at December 31,  2007
€ in millions 
Up to 1 year 
Bank borrowings incl.  commercial paper
Private placements
Convertible bond
Total 
Between
 and 3 years 
Between
 and 5 years 
After 5 years 
Total 
—
186
—
186

—
583
384
967

198
376
—
574

—
419
—
419

198
1564
384
2146

The private placements with a maturity of up to one year are shown as short-term borrowings in
the balance sheet as at December 31,  2008.  The practice of shifting short-term private placements to long-term borrowings due to syndicated loan refinancing ceased in 2008.  The prior year
end amount has been reclassified in order to ensure comparability. 
The borrowings related to our outstanding convertible bond changed in value,  reflecting the
accruing interest on the debt component in accordance with IFRS requirements. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

171

16 Accrued liabilities and provisions
Accrued liabilities and provisions consist of the following:

Accrued liabilities and provisions
€ in millions 
Jan.  1,  2008

Currency
translation
differences 
Usage 
Reversals 
Changes in
companies
consolidated 
Additions 
Transfers 
Dec.  31,  2008

Thereof
non-current 
40
48
126

131
354
320
147
168
109
744
1098


1

—
—

12
(3)
—

11
20

20
27
89

45
185
236
90
100
44
470
655

—

7
—

14

3

1
17
31

—

—
—

7
—
—
—
—
—


32
20
78

38
175
239
104
94
22
459
634

—
—
—

(1)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

54
42
114
13
123
346
327
155
157
88
727
1073

—
13

—
14
28
—

23
10
37
65

Marketing
Employee benefits
Returns,  allowances,  warranty
Taxes,  other than income taxes
Other provisions
Total provisions
Goods and services not yet invoiced
Marketing
Payroll and commissions
Other accruals
Total accrued liabilities
Total accrued liabilities and provisions 
Marketing provisions mainly consist of provisions for promotion contracts. 

Marketing accrued liabilities mainly consist of accruals for distribution,  such as discountsrebates and sales commissions. 

Provisions for employee benefits mainly consist of provisions for profit-sharing plans.  With
regard to provisions for early retirement,  claims for reimbursement in an amount of € 2 million
(December 31,  2007: € 3 million) are shown under other non-current assets. 

Accrued liabilities for payroll and commissions mainly consist of accruals for outstanding salary
payments,  such as bonuses and overtime,  as well as outstanding vacation. 

Other provisions mainly include items not otherwise allocated as well as anticipated losses from
purchases and other transactions,  and contingent losses from pending lawsuits. 

Other accrued liabilities mainly include items not otherwise allocated and also accruals for
interest. 

172

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
17 Other current liabilities
Other current liabilities consist of the following:

18 Pensions and similar obligations
The Group has recognised post-employment benefit obligations arising from defined benefit
plans.  The benefits are provided pursuant to the legal,  fiscal and economic conditions in each
respective country. 

Other current liabilities
€ in millions 
Pensions and similar obligations
Dec.  31,  2008

Liabilities due to personnel
Tax liabilities other than income taxes
Liabilities due to social security
Deferred income
Financial liabilities
Interest rate derivatives
Currency options
Forward contracts
Other financial liabilities
Sundry
Other current liabilities 
Dec.  31,  2007

30
80
10
18

29
55

14

—
15
42
22
78
295

—
26
63
14
57
266

Information regarding forward contracts as well as currency options and interest rate derivatives
is also included in these Notes
see Note 23. 

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

119
124
(5)

111
115
(4)

102
(5)

127
132
(5)

Net liability
thereof defined benefit liability
thereof defined benefit asset
thereof adidas AG:
Defined benefit liability
Defined benefit asset
Similar obligations
Pensions and similar obligations
thereof defined benefit liability
thereof defined benefit asset 
Dec.  31,  2007

99
(4)

120
124
(4)

Defined contribution plans
The total expense for defined contribution plans amounted to € 33 million in 2008 (2007:
€ 39 million). 
Defined benefit plans
Given the diverse Group structure,  different defined benefit plans exist,  comprising a variety of
post-employment benefit arrangements.  The benefit plans generally provide payments in case
of death,  disability or retirement to former employees and their survivors.  The liabilities arising
from defined benefit plans are partly covered by plan assets. 

Actuarial assumptions
in %
Dec.  31,  2008

59
43
20
50

Discount rate
Salary increases
Pension increases
Expected return on plan assets 
adidas Group 
Dec.  31,  2007

56
35
18
57

Annual Report 2008

173

Defined benefit obligation 
The actuarial assumptions as at the balance sheet date are used to determine the defined
benefit liability at that date and the pension expense for the upcoming financial year. 

€ in millions 
The actuarial assumptions for employee turnover and mortality are based on empirical datathe latter for Germany on the Heubeck 2005 G mortality tables. 

2008

The expected return on plan assets assumption is set separately for the various benefit plans. 
The return on plan assets for the funded benefit plan in Germany is based on the overall surplus
sharing of the insurance company. 

Defined benefit obligation as at January 1
Currency translation differences
Current service cost
Interest cost
Contribution by plan participants
Pensions paid
Actuarial gain
Defined benefit obligation as at December 31

171
(4)
12

1
(6)
(11)
172

170

12

—
(6)
(14)
171

Dec.  31,  2008

Since January 1,  2005,  due to application of the amendment to IAS 19 'Employee Benefits"
issued in December 2004,  the Group recognises actuarial gains or losses arising in defined
benefit plans during the financial year immediately outside the income statement in the statement of recognised income and expense (SoRIE).  The actuarial gain recognised in this statement
for 2008 amounts to € 3 million (2007: € 18 million).  The cumulative recognised actuarial losses
see also Note 21. 
amounted to € 9 million (2007: € 12 million)

2007

Dec.  31,  2007

120
52
172
(53)
119
124
(5)

114
57
171
(60)
111
115
(4)

Status of funded and unfunded obligations
€ in millions 
Pension expenses for defined benefit plans
€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

12

(4)
17

Current service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Pension expenses 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2007

12

(4)
15

Of the total pension expenses,  an amount of € 12 million (2007: € 12 million) relates to employees in Germany.  The pension expense is recorded within the operating expenses whereas the
production-related part thereof is recognised within the cost of sales. 

174

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
Present value of unfunded obligation
Present value of funded obligation
Present value of total obligations
Fair value of plan assets
Recognised net liability for defined benefit obligations
thereof defined benefit liability
thereof defined benefit asset 
The calculations of assets and liabilities recognised from defined benefit plans are based upon
statistical and actuarial calculations.  In particular,  the present value of the defined benefit
obligation is impacted by assumptions on discount rates used to arrive at the present value
of future pension liabilities,  and assumptions on future increases in salaries and benefits. 
Furthermore,  the Group's independent actuaries use statistically based assumptions covering
areas such as future participant plan withdrawals and estimates on life expectancy.  The actuarial
assumptions used may differ materially from actual results due to changes in interest ratesmarket and economic conditions,  higher or lower withdrawal rates,  or longer or shorter life
spans of participants and other changes in the factors being assessed.  These differences could
impact the assets or liabilities recognised in the balance sheet in future periods. 

Movement in plan assets 
19 Other non-current liabilities
Other non-current liabilities consist of the following:

€ in millions
2008

60
(5)
(2)

1
(8)

53

Fair value of plan assets at January 1
Currency translation differences
Pensions paid
Contributions by the employer
Contributions by plan participants
Actuarial (loss) /gain
Expected return on plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at December 31

2007

46
(3)
(1)
10
—

4
60

In 2009,  the expected payments consisting of benefits paid immediately by the company and
contributions paid by the company into plan assets amount to € 8 million.  In 2008,  the actual
return on plan assets is negative € 4 million (2007: € 7 million). 

Other non-current liabilities
€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008


10
17


6
14


13

—
—
52

Finance lease obligations
Liabilities due to personnel
Deferred income
Financial liabilities
Interest rate derivatives
Currency options
Forward contracts
Other financial liabilities
Sundry
Other non-current liabilities 
Dec.  31,  2007

10
16
16

3
69

Constitution of plan assets
Information regarding finance lease obligations,  forward contracts as well as currency options
and interest rate derivatives is also included in these Notes
see Notes 22 and 23. 

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

15
11

16
10
53

Equity instruments
Bonds
Real estate
Pension plan reinsurance
Other assets
Fair value of plan assets 
Dec.  31,  2007

28

—
16
11
60

Historical development 
20 Minority interests
This line item within equity comprises the equity of third parties in a number of our consolidated
companies.  Minority interests are attributable to six subsidiaries as at December 31,  2008 and
see Shareholdings /Attachment II to these Notes. 
three subsidiaries as at December 31,  2007
These subsidiaries were partly acquired in connection with the acquisition of the Reebok business and partly through purchases in 2008. 

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

Present value of defined benefit obligation
Fair value of plan assets
Thereof: defined benefit assets
Deficit in plan
Experience adjustments
Difference between expected and actual
return on plan assets 
Liabilities due after more than five years amounted to € 17 million at December 31,  2008 (2007:
€ 15 million). 

Dec.  31,  2007

Dec.  31,  2006

Dec.  31,  2005

Dec.  31,  2004

172
53
(5)
124


171
60
(4)
115
(1)

170
46
(2)
126


131
—
—
131


118
—
—
118
—

(8)



—

—

In accordance with IAS 32,  the following minority interests are not reported within minority interests: GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG (Germany),  as the company
is a limited partnership,  and adidas Hellas A. E.  (Greece),  as this minority is held with a put
option.  The fair value of these minorities is shown within other liabilities.  The result for these
minorities is reported within financial expenses. 

—

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

175

21 Shareholders' equity
On December 31,  2007,  the nominal capital of adidas AG amounted to € 203628960 and was
divided into 203628960 no-par-value bearer shares ('shares") and was fully paid in. 

The number of shares in circulation is as follows:

Development of number of shares in circulation
On January 15,  2008,  the stock capital increased to a total of € 203644960 divided into
203644960 shares,  as a result of the exercise of a total of 4000 stock options in November
2007 and the issuance of 16000 shares associated with the Management Share Option Plan
(MSOP) of adidas AG. 
On July 2,  2008,  5511023 treasury shares were cancelled.  These shares had been repurchased
based on the authorisation to repurchase adidas AG shares granted to the Executive Board
by the Annual General Meeting held on May 10,  2007.  Hence,  the stock capital was reduced by
€ 5511023 from € 203644960 to € 198133937,  divided into 198133937 shares.  Consequentlyretained earnings decreased by € 22443792718. 
On July 4,  2008,  the stock capital increased to a total of € 198178337 divided into 198178337
shares,  as a result of the exercise of a total of 11100 stock options in May 2008 and the issuance
of 44400 shares associated with the Company's Management Share Option Plan (MSOP).  On
October 6,  2008,  the stock capital again increased as a result of the exercise of a total of 2100
stock options in August 2008 and the issuance of 8400 shares associated with the Company's
Management Share Option Plan (MSOP). 
On December 15,  2008,  4671225 treasury shares were cancelled.  These shares had been repurchased based on the authorisation to repurchase adidas AG shares granted to the Executive
Board by the Annual General Meeting held on May 8,  2008.  Hence,  the stock capital was reduced
by € 4671225 from €198186737 to € 193515512,  divided into 193515512 shares.  Consequently,  retained earnings decreased by € 17476671789. 
At the balance sheet date,  the stock capital of adidas AG amounted to a total of € 193515512
and was divided into 193515512 shares.  The stock capital is fully paid in. 
Except for the cancellation of shares on July 2,  2008,  which had already been entered on August
12,  2008,  the corresponding adjustment of the amount of stock capital resulting from the above
transactions up to and including December 31,  2008 has been entered into the Commercial
Register on February 11,  2009. 
There were no other changes in stock capital since the balance sheet date.  On February 162009,  the stock capital of adidas AG therefore amounted to € 193515512 and was divided into
193515512 shares. 
Each share grants one vote and,  starting from the beginning of the year it was issued,  is also
entitled to a dividend.  Treasury shares held directly or indirectly are not entitled to dividend
payment in accordance with § 71 b German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz AktG).  On
February 16,  2009,  adidas AG did not hold any treasury shares. 

176

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
Change in
number of
shares + /(–)

Number of no-par-value shares issued as at Jan.  1,  2008
Capital increase and issuance of no-par-value shares on January 15,  2008
based on MSOP exercises in November 2007
Capital reduction from cancellation of 5511023 treasury shares
on July 2,  2008 based on the authorisation to repurchase adidas AG shares
granted on May 10,  2007
Capital increase and issuance of no-par-value shares on July 4,  2008
based on MSOP exercises in May 2008
Capital increase and issuance of no-par-value shares on October 6,  2008
based on MSOP exercises in August 2008
Capital reduction from cancellation of 4671225 treasury shares on
December 15,  2008 based on the authorisation to repurchase adidas AG
shares granted on May 8,  2008
Number of no-par-value shares issued as at Dec.  31,  2008

Number of
shares 
203628960
+ 16000

203644960

(5511023)

198133937

+ 44400

198178337

+ 8400

198186737

(4671225)

193515512
193515512

Authorised Capital
The Executive Board of adidas AG did not make use of the existing amounts of Authorised Capital
of up to € 96062500 corresponding to 96062500 shares in 2008 or in the period beyond the
balance sheet date up to and including February 16,  2009. 
As at the balance sheet date,  the Authorised Capital of the Company is set out in § 4 sections 23 and 4 of the Articles of Association,  pursuant to which the Executive Board is entitled,  subject
to Supervisory Board approval,  to increase the stock capital
until June 19,  2010
— by issuing new shares against contributions in cash once or several times by no more than
 maximum of € 64062500 and,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to exclude fractional
shares from shareholders' subscription rights (Authorised Capital 2005 /I);
and until May 15,  2011
— by issuing new shares against contributions in cash or in kind once or several times by no
more than a maximum of € 12000000 and,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to exclude
shareholders' subscription rights (Authorised Capital 2008);

and until May 28,  2011
— by issuing new shares against contributions in cash once or several times by no more than
 maximum of € 20000000 and,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to exclude shareholders' subscription rights for fractional amounts and when issuing the new shares at a value not
essentially below the stock market price of shares with the same features (Authorised Capital
2006).  The authorisation to exclude subscription rights pursuant to the last sentence,  may,  however,  only be used to the extent that the pro-rata amount of the new shares in the stock capital
together with the pro-rata amount in the stock capital of other shares which were issued by the
Company after May 11,  2006,  subject to the exclusion of subscription rights pursuant to § 186
section 3 sentence 4 AktG on the basis of authorised capital or following a repurchase,  or for
which conversion or subscription rights were granted after May 11,  2006,  through issuance of
convertible bonds or bonds with warrants,  with subscription rights excluded pursuant to § 186
section 3 sentence 4 AktG,  does not exceed 10% of the stock capital existing on the date of entry
of this authorisation into the Commercial Register or if this amount is lower as at the respective date on which the authorisation is used. 
Contingent Capital
The following description of the Contingent Capital is based on § 4 sections 5,  6 and 7 of the
Articles of Association applicable as at the balance sheet date. 
Contingent Capital 1999/ I
The Contingent Capital 1999/ I serves the purpose of fulfilling stock options in connection with
the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) to members of the Executive Board of adidas
AG as well as to managing directors /senior vice presidents of its affiliated companies and to
other executives of adidas AG and of its affiliated companies (§ 4 section 5 of the Articles of
Association). 
Due to the exercise of 17200 stock options and the issuance of 68800 shares within the exercise
periods ending in January,  July and October 2008 for Tranche III (2001),  Tranche IV (2002) and
Tranche V (2003) of the Management Share Option Plan,  the nominal amount of the Contingent
Capital 1999/ I at the balance sheet date totalled € 1294748 and was divided into 1294748
shares. 
The corresponding adjustment of the nominal amount of Contingent Capital 1999/ I,  resulting
from the above transactions up to and including December 31,  2008,  was entered into the
Commercial Register on February 11,  2009. 
There has been no further decrease in Contingent Capital 1999/ I in January 2009,  as the stock
options associated with the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) of the Company could no
longer be exercised after October 2008. 

Contingent Capital 2003 / II
As at the balance sheet date,  the stock capital is conditionally increased by up to a further
€ 35998040,  divided into no more than 35998040 shares (Contingent Capital 2003/ II).  Shares
from this contingent capital will be issued only to the extent that holders of bonds issued in
October 2003 with the exclusion of shareholders' subscription rights exercise their conversion
rights.  In the event of the exercise of all conversion rights,  the total number of shares to be
issued to this group of persons amounts to 15684315 at the balance sheet date.  In addition,  the
Executive Board is authorised,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to issue up to 20313723
shares to the holders of the subscription or conversion rights or the persons obligated to exercise the subscription or conversion duties based on the bonds with warrants or convertible
bonds,  which are issued by the Company or a Group subsidiary,  pursuant to the authorisation
of the Executive Board by resolution of the Annual General Meeting dated May 8,  2003,  in the
version of the resolution of the Annual General Meeting dated May 11,  2006,  to the extent that
they make use of their subscription or conversion rights or,  if they are obligated to exercise
the subscription or conversion rights,  they meet their obligations to exercise the warrant or
convert the bond. 
In the financial year 2008,  the Executive Board of adidas AG did not issue any shares from the
Contingent Capital 2003/ II in the period beyond the balance sheet date and up to and including
February 16,  2009. 
Contingent Capital 2006
At the balance sheet date,  the stock capital was conditionally increased by up to a further
€ 20000000 divided into no more than 20000000 shares (Contingent Capital 2006).  The contingent capital increase will be implemented only to the extent that holders of the subscription
or conversion rights or the persons obligated to exercise the subscription or conversion duties
based on the bonds with warrants or convertible bonds,  which are issued or guaranteed by the
Company or a subordinate Group company pursuant to the authorisation of the Executive Board
by the resolution of the Annual General Meeting dated May 11,  2006,  make use of their subscription or conversion rights or,  if they are obligated to exercise the subscription or conversion
rights,  they meet their obligations to exercise the warrant or convert the bond.  The Executive
Board is authorised,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to fully exclude the shareholders'
rights to subscribe the bonds with warrants and /or convertible bonds,  if the bonds with warrants
and /or convertible bonds are issued at a price which is not significantly below the market value
of these bonds.  The limit for subscription right exclusions of 10% of the registered stock capital
in accordance with § 186 section 3 sentence 4 in conjunction with § 221 section 4 sentence 2
AktG has been observed. 
In the financial year 2008,  the Executive Board of adidas AG did not issue any shares from the
Contingent Capital 2006 in the period beyond the balance sheet date and up to and including
February 16,  2009. 

On February 16,  2009,  the nominal value of Contingent Capital 1999/ I amounted to € 1294748
and was divided into 1294748 shares. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

177

Repurchase of adidas AG shares
On January 30,  2008,  the Executive Board initiated a share buyback programme which was based
on the authorisation to repurchase adidas AG shares granted by the Annual General Meeting
held on May 10,  2007,  and which was continued on May 21,  2008 based on the authorisation to
repurchase adidas AG shares granted to the Executive Board by the Annual General Meeting held
on May 8,  2008see also Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 of the German Commercial Code and
Explanatory Report (Handelsgesetzbuch HGB),  p.  096. 

On May 21,  2008,  the share buyback programme was continued on the basis of the authorisation
to repurchase adidas AG shares granted to the Executive Board by the Annual General Meeting
held on May 8,  2008.  The overall number of treasury shares repurchased up to and including
October 22,  2008 on the basis of this authorisation amounted to 4671225.  This corresponds to
229% of the stock capital at the date of the Annual General Meeting held on May 8,  2008.  The
overall purchase price amounted to € 17943794289 (excluding incidental purchasing costs)
whereas the average purchase price amounted to € 3841. 

adidas International Finance B. V.  for this convertible bond.  Furthermore,  adidas AG has also
taken over the obligation to the holders of convertible bonds to supply shares to be delivered
following conversion of a bond.  The convertible bond entitles the holder to acquire shares in
adidas AG at a conversion price of an original € 102 per share,  whereby the conversion ratio
results from dividing the nominal amount of a bond (€ 50000) by the conversion price ruling
at the exercise date.  Meanwhile,  the conversion price has been adjusted to € 2550 following the stock split undertaken in 2006.  The conversion right can be exercised by a bond holder
between November 18,  2003 and September 20,  2018,  whereby certain conversion restrictions apply.  When the conversion is exercised,  the shares are to be obtained from Contingent
Capital established by resolution of the Annual General Meeting of adidas AG on May 8,  2003
in the version of the resolution of the Annual General Meeting held on May 11,  2006.  adidas
International Finance B. V.  is entitled to repay the convertible bond fully on or after October 82009,  however in the period from October 8,  2009 through October 7,  2015 only to the extent the
market value of the shares of adidas AG amounts to at least 130% (period from October 8,  2009
through October 7,  2012) or 115% (period from October 8,  2012 through October 7,  2015) of the
conversion price valid at that time over a certain reference period of time (as set out in the bond
conditions).  The convertible bond was issued as a bearer bond and subscription rights of shareholders to the bearer bonds were excluded.  The shareholders have no subscription rights per se
to the shares to which the holders of the bonds have rights,  due to security provided by Contingent Capital.  There were 7999 bonds outstanding at December 31,  2008 and February 16,  2009respectively. 

Between January 30 and October 22,  2008,  adidas AG repurchased an overall amount of
10182248 shares at an average purchase price of € 4021.  This corresponds to 5% of the
stock capital of adidas AG at the date of initiation of the programme.  The total buyback volume
amounted to € 40938689307 (excluding incidental purchasing costs).  On October 22,  2008,  the
share buyback programme was completed. 

Changes in the percentage of voting rights
Pursuant to § 160 section 1 number 8 AktG,  the contents of notifications which indicate that
investments have exceeded or fallen below a certain threshold and which have been notified to
the Company in accordance with the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz –
WpHG) need to be disclosed. 

On July 2,  2008,  5511023 treasury shares repurchased between January 30,  2008 and May 22008 on the basis of the authorisation granted on May 10,  2007,  were cancelled,  thus reducing
the stock capital.  Consequently,  the stock capital of the Company was reduced by € 5511023
from € 203644960 to € 198133937. 

The contents of these notifications reflecting investments exceeding or falling below one of the
thresholds set out in the WpHG are as follows:

Similarly,  on December 15,  2008,  4671225 treasury shares repurchased between May 21,  2008
and October 22,  2008 on the basis of the authorisation granted on May 8,  2008,  were cancelledthus reducing the stock capital.  Consequently,  the stock capital of the Company was reduced by
€ 4671225 from € 198186737 to € 193515512. 

1) on September 30,  2008,  the voting interest of Invesco Ltd.,  Atlanta,  Georgia,  USA,  in adidas AG
fell below the threshold of 3% and amounted to 298% of the voting rights (5894813 shares) on
this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to Invesco Ltd.  in accordance with § 22 section
 sentence 1 number 6 WpHG in conjunction with § 22 section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 

Since all shares repurchased were cancelled,  adidas AG did not hold any treasury shares on
February 16,  2009. 

2) on September 30,  2008,  the voting interest of IVZ Callco Inc.,  Toronto,  Canada,  in adidas AG fell
below the threshold of 3% and amounted to 298% of the voting rights (5894813 shares) on this
date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to IVZ Callco Inc.  in accordance with § 22 section 1
sentence 1 number 6 WpHG in conjunction with § 22 sentence 2 WpHG. 

Between January 30,  2008 and May 2,  2008,  adidas AG repurchased 5511023 shares with an
overall value of € 22994895018 (excluding incidental purchasing costs) in accordance with the
authorisation granted on May 10,  2007.  This corresponds to 271% of the stock capital at the date
of the Annual General Meeting held on May 10,  2007.  The average purchase price amounted to
€ 4173. 

Convertible bond
adidas International Finance B. V.  issued a convertible bond with a nominal value of € 400000000
on October 8,  2003 divided into 8000 convertible bonds with a nominal value of € 50000 each. 
The convertible bond is due for repayment on October 8,  2018,  if not previously repaid or
converted into adidas AG shares.  adidas AG has assumed the unconditional and irrevocable
guarantee with respect to payments of all amounts payable under the convertible bond by 
178

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
Invesco Ltd.,  London,  United Kingdom,  informed the Company on October 2,  2008 that:

3) on September 30,  2008,  the voting interest of AIM Canada Holdings Inc.,  Toronto,  Canada,  in
adidas AG fell below the threshold of 3% and amounted to 298% of the voting rights (5894813
shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to AIM Canada Holdings Inc.  in
accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 WpHG in conjunction with § 22 section 1
sentence 2 WpHG. 

4) on September 30,  2008,  the voting interest of Invesco Inc.,  Toronto,  Canada,  in adidas AG fell
below the threshold of 3% and amounted to 298% of the voting rights (5894813 shares) on this
date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to Invesco Inc.  in accordance with § 22 section 1
sentence 1 number 6 WpHG in conjunction with § 22 section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 
5) on September 30,  2008,  the voting interest of Invesco Holdings Company Limited,  London,  UKin adidas AG fell below the threshold of 3% and amounted to 298% of the voting rights (5894813
shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to Invesco Holdings Company
Limited in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 WpHG in conjunction with § 22
section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 
6) on September 30,  2008,  the voting interest of AIM Funds Management Inc.,  Toronto,  Canada,  in
adidas AG fell below the threshold of 3% and amounted to 298% of the voting rights (5894813
shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to AIM Funds Management Inc.  in
accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 WpHG. 
Due to concerns of the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht BaFin) regarding formal requirements,  the aforementioned notifications have
not been disclosed so far. 
Fidelity International,  Tadworth,  Great Britain,  informed the Company by letter on December 152008 pursuant to § 21 section 1 sentence 1 WpHG that on December 12,  2008,  the voting interest of FMR LLC,  Boston,  Massachusetts,  USA,  in adidas AG exceeded the threshold of 3% and
amounted to 308% of the voting rights (6108384 shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights
are attributable to FMR LLC in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 WpHG in
conjunction with § 22 section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 

Capital management
The Group's policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor,  creditor and
market confidence and to sustain future development of the business. 
The Group seeks to maintain a balance between a higher return on equity that might be possible
with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital
position.  The primary Group's financial leverage target is below 50% net debt to equity. 
There were no changes in the Group's approach to capital management during the year. 
Reserves
Reserves within shareholders' equity are as follows:
— Capital reserve: comprises the paid premium for the issuance of share capital. 
— Cumulative translation adjustments: this reserve comprises all foreign currency differences
arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations. 
— Hedging reserve: comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair
value of cash flow hedges related to hedged transactions that have not yet occurred as well as of
hedges of net investments in foreign subsidiaries. 
— Other reserves: comprise the cumulative net change of actuarial gains or losses of defined
benefit plans,  expenses recognised for share option plans as well as fair values of available-forsale financial assets. 
— Retained earnings: comprise the accumulated profits less dividends paid. 

The Capital Research and Management Company,  Los Angeles,  USA,  informed the Company by
letter on January 5,  2009,  pursuant to § 21 section 1 sentence 1 WpHG,  that on December 192008,  their voting interest in adidas AG exceeded the threshold of 5% and amounted to 501%
of the voting rights (9695127 shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to
the Capital Research and Management Company,  in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1
number 6 WpHG. 
Euro Pacific Growth Fund,  Los Angeles,  USA informed the Company by letter on January 19,  2009
in accordance with § 21 section 1 WpHG that on January 13,  2009,  their voting interest in adidas
AG exceeded the threshold of 3% and amounted to 311% of the voting rights (6021253 shares)
on this date. 
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation,  New York,  USA informed the Company by letter on
February 3,  2009 in accordance with § 21 section 1 WpHG that on January 14,  2009,  their voting
interest in adidas AG exceeded the threshold of 3% and amounted to 305% of the voting rights
(5901424 shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to the Bank of New York
Mellon Corporation in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 WpHG in conjunction
with § 22 section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 

Distributable profits and dividends
Distributable profits to shareholders are determined by reference to the retained earnings of
adidas AG and calculated under German Commercial Law. 
The dividend for 2007 was € 050 per share (total amount: € 99 million) approved by the 2008
Annual General Meeting.  The Executive Board of adidas AG will propose to shareholders a
dividend payment of € 050 per dividend-entitled share for the year 2008 to be made from
retained earnings of € 237 million reported as at December 31,  2008.  The subsequent
remaining amount will be carried forward. 
193515512 dividend-entitled shares exist as at December 31,  2008,  which would lead to a
dividend payment of € 97 million. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

179

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
€ in millions 
Share capital 
Capital
reserve 
Cumulative
translation
adjustments 
Hedging
reserve 
Other
reserves 1)

Retained
earnings 
Total
shareholders'
equity 
Minority
interests 
Total equity 
204

737

(273)

(20)

(18)

2199

2828



2836

Net income recognised directly in equity
Net income 
(237)

(38)

10
551

(265)
551

(0)


(265)
555

Total recognised income and expense for the period 
(237)

551

286



290

(85)

(1)

(6)

(85)

(6)

(86)

(6)

2659

3023

11

3034

642

229
642

(0)


229
644

642

871



873

(99)

(0)

(0)

(99)

(409)
—
(0)

(99)

(409)

(0)

3202

3386

14

Note 
Balance at December 31,  2006

Dividend payment
Exercised share options
Reclassifications of minorities in accordance with IAS 32

21
33
20

Balance at December 31,  2007



204

(38)

10



(510)

(58)

(8)

Net income recognised directly in equity
Net income 
78

149



Total recognised income and expense for the period 
78

Dividend payment
Exercised share options
Repurchase of treasury shares
Newly founded joint ventures
Reclassifications of minorities in accordance with IAS 32
Balance at December 31,  2008

Consolidated Financial Statements 

(10)

Notes 
149



(399)

20
194

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
1) Reserves for actuarial gains /losses and share option plans. 

180

21
33
21

737

338

(432)

91

(6)



3400

22 Leasing and service arrangements 
The minimum lease payments under these contracts over their remaining terms which extend
up to 2016 and their net present values are as follows:

Operating leases
The Group leases primarily retail stores as well as offices,  warehouses and equipment.  The
contracts regarding these leases with expiration dates of between one and sixteen years partly
include renewal options and escalation clauses.  Rent expenses,  which partly depend on net
sales,  amounted to € 422 million and € 337 million for the years ending December 31,  2008 and
2007,  respectively. 
Future minimum lease payments for minimum lease durations are as follows:

Minimum lease payments for operating leases
€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total 
Dec.  31,  2007

213
516
340
1069

212
432
192
836

Finance leases
The Group also leases various premises for administration,  warehousing,  research and development as well as production,  which are classified as finance leases. 
The net carrying amount of these assets of € 5 million and € 6 million was included in propertyplant and equipment as at December 31,  2008 and 2007,  respectively.  Interest expenses were
€ 2 million (2007: € 2 million) and depreciation expenses were € 1 million (2007: € 2 million) for
the year ending December 31,  2008. 

Minimum lease payments for finance leases
€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008


2

5

5


3

6

5


2


Lease payments falling due:
Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total lease payments
Less: estimated amount representing interest
Obligation under finance leases
Thereof falling due:
Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years 
Dec.  31,  2007


2


Service arrangements
The Group has outsourced certain logistics and information technology functions,  for which it
has entered into long-term contracts.  Financial commitments under these contracts mature as
follows:

Financial commitments for service arrangements
€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

49
48
—
97

Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total 
adidas Group 
Dec.  31,  2007

48
62
—
110

Annual Report 2008

181

23 Financial instruments
Additional disclosures on financial instruments 
Carrying amounts of financial instruments as at December 31,  2008,  according to categories of IAS 39 and their fair values
€ in millions
Category
according
to IAS 39

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term financial assets
Accounts receivable
Other current assets
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial assets
Long-term financial assets
Available-for-sale financial assets
Loans
Other non-current assets
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial assets
Assets classified as held for sale
Liabilities
Short-term borrowings
Private placements
Convertible bond
Accounts payable
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Other current liabilities
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Finance lease obligations
Other financial liabilities
Long-term borrowings
Bank borrowings incl.  commercial paper
Private placements
Convertible bond
Other non-current liabilities
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Finance lease obligations
Other financial liabilities
Liabilities classified as held for sale
Thereof: aggregated by category according to IAS 39
Financial Assets at fair value through profit or loss
thereof: designated as such upon initial recognition (Fair Value Option FVO)
thereof: Held for Trading (FAHfT)
Loans and Receivables (LaR)
Available-for-Sale financial assets (AfS)
Financial Liabilities measured at Amortised Cost (FLAC)
Financial Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Held for Trading (FLHfT)
182

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
Carrying
amount
Dec.  31,  2008

n.  a. 

244
141
1624

FAHfT
LaR
n.  a. 
FAHfT
LaR
AfS
LaR
n.  a. 
FAHfT
LaR
LaR

FLAC
FLAC
FLAC
FLAC
n.  a. 
FLHfT
n.  a. 
FLAC
FLAC
FLAC
FLAC
n.  a. 
FLHfT
n.  a. 
FLAC
FLAC

Amortised
cost 
Fair value
recognised
in equity 
Fair value
recognised
in net income 
Measurement
according
to IAS 17

244

244
141
1624

141
1624

147
32
109

146
109

89





32

147
32
109

89

16

Fair value
Dec.  31,  2008

89


24
10
25



10

25


24
10
25


404
393
1218
364

404
393
1218
364

407
484
1218
364

36
21

22

22

36
21

22

748
1028
—

748
1028
—

748
1047
—


14

—

183
—
183
1767
89
4179
35

36
21





14


—



14

—


Carrying amounts of financial instruments as at December 31,  2007,  according to categories of IAS 39 and their fair values
€ in millions
Category
according
to IAS 39

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term financial assets
Accounts receivable
Other current assets
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial assets
Long-term financial assets
Available-for-sale financial assets
Loans
Other non-current assets
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial assets
Assets classified as held for sale
Liabilities
Short-term borrowings
Private placements
Convertible bond
Accounts payable
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Other current liabilities
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Finance lease obligations
Other financial liabilities
Long-term borrowings
Bank borrowings incl.  commercial paper
Private placements
Convertible bond
Other non-current liabilities
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Finance lease obligations
Other financial liabilities
Liabilities classified as held for sale
Thereof: aggregated by category according to IAS 39
Financial Assets at fair value through profit or loss
thereof: designated as such upon initial recognition (Fair Value Option FVO)
thereof: Held for Trading (FAHfT)
Loans and Receivables (LaR)
Available-for-Sale financial assets (AfS)
Financial Liabilities measured at Amortised Cost (FLAC)
Financial Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Held for Trading (FLHfT)

Carrying
amount
Dec.  31,  2007

n.  a. 

295
86
1459

FAHfT
LaR
n.  a. 
FAHfT
LaR
AfS
LaR
n.  a. 
FAHfT
LaR
LaR

FLAC
FLAC
FLAC
FLAC
n.  a. 
FLHfT
n.  a. 
FLAC
FLAC
FLAC
FLAC
n.  a. 
FLHfT
n.  a. 
FLAC
FLAC

Amortised
cost 
Fair value
recognised
in equity 
Fair value
recognised
in net income 
Measurement
according
to IAS 17

Fair value
Dec.  31,  2007

295
86

295
86
1459

22

12
22
88

1459

12
22
88

12
88

92
11

11

92

92
11


0
23



23



0
23


186
—
849
349

186
—
849
349

186
—
849
349



72
17

14

14

72
17

14

198
1378
384

198
1378
384

198
1394
810

32
10

1


72
17


26


10



2

32
10

1


108
—
108
1585
92
3361
27
adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

183

Due to the short-term maturities of cash and cash equivalents,  short-term financial assetsaccounts receivable and payable as well as other current receivables and payables,  their respective fair values approximate their carrying amount. 
The fair values of non-current financial assets and liabilities are estimated by discounting
expected future cash flows using current interest rates for debt of similar terms and remaining
maturities,  and adjusted by an adidas Group specific credit risk premium. 
Fair values of long-term financial assets classified as available-for-sale are based on quoted
market prices in an active market or are calculated as present values of expected future cash
flows. 
The fair values of forward contracts and currency options are determined on the basis of market
conditions at the balance sheet date.  The fair value of a currency option is determined using
generally accepted models to calculate option prices,  such as the 'Garman-Kohlhagen-model". 
The fair market value of an option is influenced not only by the remaining term of the option,  but
also by other determining factors such as the actual foreign exchange rate and the volatility of
the underlying foreign currency base. 

Net gains or losses on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost include effects from early
settlement and reversals of accrued liabilities. 
The disclosures required by IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures paragraphs 31 42
('Nature and Extent of Risks arising from Financial Instruments") can be found in the Group
Management Report
see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  107. 
Financial instruments for the hedging of foreign exchange risk
The adidas Group uses natural hedges and arranges forward contracts,  currency options and
currency swaps to protect against foreign exchange risk.  At December 2008,  the Group had
contracted currency options with premiums paid totalling an amount of € 5 million (December 31,  2007: € 7 million).  The effective part of the currency hedges is directly recognised in
hedging reserves and the acquisition costs of secured inventories,  respectively,  and posted
into the income statement at the same time as the underlying secured transaction is recorded. 
An amount of € 9 million (2007: negative € 10 million) for currency options and an amount
of € 85 million (2007: negative € 51 million) for forward contracts were recorded in hedging
reserves.  A total amount of € 6 million impacted net income in 2008 (2007: € 12 million). 
The total time value of the currency options not being part of a hedge in an amount of negative
€ 2 million (2007: negative € 9 million) was recorded in the income statement in 2008. 

Net gains or (losses) of financial instruments
The total net amount of US dollar purchases versus other currencies was US $ 36 billion and
US $ 30 billion in the years ending December 31,  2008 and 2007,  respectively. 

recognised in the consolidated income statement,  € in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

Financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
thereof: designated as such upon initial recognition
thereof: classified as held for trading
Loans and receivables
Available-for-sale financial assets
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2007

(6)
—
(6)
(27)
—
11

(1)
—
(1)
(18)
—


The notional amounts of all outstanding currency hedging instruments,  which are mainly related
to cash flow hedges,  are summarised in the following table:

Notional amounts of all currency hedging instruments
€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

Net gains or losses on financial assets or financial liabilities held for trading include the effects
from fair value measurements of the derivatives that are not part of a hedging relationshipand changes in the fair value of other financial instruments as well as interest payments which
mainly relate to investment funds. 
Net gains or losses on loans and receivables comprise mainly impairment losses and reversals. 

184

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
Forward contracts
Currency options
Total 
Dec.  31,  2007

2904
487
3391

2317
562
2879

The comparatively high amount of forward contracts is primarily due to currency swaps for
liquidity management purposes and hedging transactions. 

Of the total amount of outstanding hedges,  the following contracts related to coverage of the
biggest single exposure,  the US dollar:

In hedging reserves,  an amount of negative € 3 million (2007: negative € 3 million) is included for
hedges of net investments in foreign entities.  This reserve will remain until the investment in the
foreign entity is divested. 

Notional amounts of US dollar hedging instruments 
In order to determine the fair values of its derivatives that are not publicly traded,  the adidas
Group uses generally accepted quantitative financial models based on market conditions prevailing at the balance sheet date. 

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

Dec.  31,  2007

1732
457
2189

1885
562
2447

Forward contracts
Currency options
Total 
The fair value of all outstanding currency hedging instruments is as follows:

Financial instruments for the hedging of interest rate risk
In 2005 and 2006,  the Group arranged long-term financing mainly at fixed rates to support the
Reebok acquisition.  As a result,  the Group is well protected against rising interest rates.  In 2008an additional forward starting interest rate swap was entered into with a nominal amount of
US $ 16 million. 

Fair value
€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

Dec.  31,  2007

Positive
fair value 
Forward contracts
Currency options
Total 
The fair values of the derivatives were determined applying the 'zero method".  The 'zero
method" is a theoretical model for the determination of forward rates based on deposit and swap
interest rates.  An alternative method is the 'par method" which uses actively traded forward
rates that reflect market inefficiencies.  A comparison of the fair valuation based on the alternative methods revealed no substantive differences. 

Negative
fair value 
Positive
fair value 
Negative
fair value 
163
40
203

(43)
(24)
(67)

11

16

(79)
(23)
(102)

Interest rate hedges which were outstanding as at December 31,  2008 and 2007,  respectively
expire as detailed below:

Expiration dates of interest rate hedges
€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

 total net fair value of € 111 million (2007: negative € 61 million) for forward contracts related
to hedging instruments falling under hedge accounting as per definition of IAS 39 was recorded
in hedging reserve.  The remaining net fair value of € 9 million (2007: negative € 7 million)
mainly related to liquidity swaps for cash management purposes and forward contracts hedging
intercompany dividend receivables was recorded in the income statement.  The total fair value
of outstanding currency options related to cash flow hedges. 
The fair value adjustments of outstanding cash flow hedges for forecasted sales will be reported
in the income statement when the forecasted sales transactions are recorded.  The vast majority
of these transactions are forecasted to occur in 2009.  As at December 31,  2008,  inventories were
adjusted by negative € 7 million as at December 31,  2008,  which will be recognised in the income
statement in 2009. 

23
184
105
83
395

Within 1 year
Between 1 and 3 years
Between 3 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total 
Dec.  31,  2007

—
162
150
68
380

The above summary for 2008 includes the notional amount of two long-term US dollar interest
rate swaps in an amount of € 83 million (2007: € 68 million resulting from one US dollar interest
rate swap),  one long-term and one short-term cross-currency interest rate swap for an amount
of € 33 million (2007: € 33 million) and four long-term euro interest rate swaps for an amount of
€ 279 million (2007: € 279 million).  Both cross-currency interest rate swaps and one long-term
US dollar interest rate swap are classified as fair value hedges,  while the four euro interest rate
swaps are classified as cash flow hedges. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

185

The additional forward starting US dollar interest rate swap with a notional amount of
US $ 16 million was entered into in 2008 in anticipation of a lease that is expected to be finalised
in the fourth quarter of 2009.  This swap is not part of a hedge relationship.  The negative fair
value at December 31,  2008 of € 2 million was recorded in the income statement. 
The existing interest rate swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps had a total negative
fair value of € 7 million (2007: negative € 10 million) and a total positive fair value of € 8 million
(2007: € 4 million) as at December 31,  2008. 
Fair value risks from financing with private placements in US dollars,  Japanese yen and
Australian dollars are hedged with cross-currency interest rate swaps in Japanese yen
and Australian dollars and one US dollar interest rate swap amounting to a total notional
equivalent of € 105 million (2007: € 101 million).  The aim of cross-currency swap hedges in
Australian dollars and Japanese yen was to turn the financing into euro while retaining the
financing method.  The intent of the US dollar interest rate swap was to obtain variable financing. 
The total positive € 7 million fair value (2007: negative € 7 million),  which was recorded directly
in the income statement as incurred,  was compensated by negative fair value effects of the
hedged items in an amount of € 7 million (2007: € 6 million). 
All euro-denominated interest rate swaps qualify as cash flow hedges pursuant to IAS 39.  They
relate to euro private placements with variable interest rates for a notional amount of € 279 million (2007: € 279 million).  The goal of these hedges is to lower exposure to increasing short-term
euro interest rates.  The negative fair value of € 6 million (2007: negative € 1 million) was credited in hedging reserves. 

186

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement 
24 Other operating income
Other operating income consists of the following:

Other operating income
€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

Income from accounts receivable previously written off
Income from release of accruals and provisions
Gains from disposal of fixed assets
Income from the recognition of negative goodwill
see Note 4
Other revenues
Total 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2007


28
10
21
42
103


20
21
—
38
80

25 Other operating expenses
Operating expenses include expenses for sales,  marketing,  research and development,  as well
as for logistics and central finance and administration.  In addition,  they include depreciation on
tangible assets and amortisation on intangible assets,  with the exception of goodwill amortisation and other depreciation and amortisation which is included in the cost of sales. 
Marketing working budget is the largest component of operating expenses.  The marketing
working budget consists of promotion and communication spending such as promotion contracts,  advertising,  retail support,  events and other communication activities.  However,  it does
not include marketing overhead expenses.  In 2008,  marketing working budget accounted for
approximately 33% (2007: 33%) of the total operating expenses. 

26 Cost by nature
Expenses are presented by function in the income statement.  Supplementary information on the
expenses by nature is detailed below. 
Cost of materials
The total cost of materials was € 5486 million and € 5317 million for the years ending December 31,  2008 and 2007,  respectively. 
Personnel expenses
Personnel expenses were as follows:

Total depreciation and amortisation expense for tangible and intangible assets (excluding
goodwill) was € 234 million and € 211 million for the years ending December 31,  2008 and
2007,  respectively.  Thereof,  € 6 million and € 7 million were recorded within the cost of sales
as they are directly attributable to the production costs of goods sold. 

Personnel expenses 
Other operating expenses 
Wages and salaries
Social security contributions
Pension expense
Personnel expenses 
€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

Marketing working budget
Marketing overhead 1)
Sales force 1)
Logistics 1)
Research and development 1)
Central expenses for finance and administration divisions 1)
Total
Thereof:
Depreciation and amortisation 
1378
327
1045
535
84
746
4115

228

1123
110
50
1283

1040
92
54
1186

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2007

1429
376
1179
565
81
748
4378

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2007

204

Personnel expenses which are directly attributable to the production costs of goods are included
within the cost of sales. 

1) Including personnel and administration expenses. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

187

27 Financial income /financial expenses
Financial result consists of the following:

Interest income from financial instruments,  measured at amortised cost,  mainly consists of
interest income from bank deposits and loans. 
Interest income /expense from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss mainly
includes interest payments from investment funds as well as net interest payments from interest derivatives not being part of a hedging relationship.  Unrealised gains /losses from fair value
measurement of such financial assets are shown in other financial income or expenses. 

Financial income
€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

Interest income from financial instruments measured at amortised cost
Interest income from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Interest income from non-financial assets
Net foreign exchange gains
Fair value gains from available-for-sale investments
Other
Financial income 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2007

30

—
—
—

37

23

—

—

36

Interest expense on financial instruments measured at amortised cost mainly includes interest
on borrowings and effects from using the 'effective interest method". 
Interest expense on provisions and non-financial liabilities particularly includes effects from
measurement of provisions at present value and interest on non-financial liabilities such as tax
payables. 
Other financial expenses include impairment losses on other financial assets amounting to
€ 0 million and € 4 million for the years ending December 31,  2008 and 2007,  respectively.  Also
included in other financial expenses are minority interests,  which are not recorded in equity
according to IAS 32. 

Financial expenses
Information regarding the Group's available-for-sale investments,  borrowings and financial
see Notes 6,  13,  15 and 23. 
instruments is also included in these Notes 
€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

Interest expense on financial instruments measured at amortised cost
Interest expense on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Interest expense on provisions and non-financial liabilities
Net foreign exchange losses
Other
Financial expenses 
188

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2007

(178)
—
—
(25)
—
(203)

(163)
(1)
(2)
—
(4)
(170)

28 Income taxes
adidas AG and its German subsidiaries are subject to German corporate and trade taxes.  For the
year ending December 31,  2008,  the statutory corporate income tax rate of 15% plus a surcharge
of 55% thereon is applied to earnings.  The municipal trade tax is approximately 116% of taxable
income. 

Deferred taxes
€ in millions 
For non-German companies,  deferred taxes are calculated based on tax rates that have been
enacted or substantively enacted by the closing date. 

Dec.  31,  2008

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if they relate to the same fiscal authority.  The following deferred tax assets and liabilities,  determined after appropriate offsetting,  are presented on
the balance sheet:

Deferred tax assets /liabilities
€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

344
(463)
(119)

315
(450)
(135)

(190)
26
—
—

(41)
(5)

11
25

(3)
(119)

75
112
143

338
420
47

473
(135)

2007

(135)
71
(9)


88
100
140
91
419
444
45
49
538
(119)

Non-current assets
Current assets
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Accumulated tax loss carry-forwards
Deferred tax assets
Non-current assets
Current assets
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets,  net 
Dec.  31,  2007

Dec.  31,  2007

2008

Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets,  net 
Gross Group deferred tax assets and liabilities before valuation allowances and appropriate offsettings are attributable to the items detailed in the table below:

(7)
(135)

The acquisitions of Ashworth,  Inc.  and Textronics,  Inc.  were accounted for under the 'purchase
method"
see Note 4.  Deferred tax liabilities were recorded representing the difference between
the fair value and the tax basis of acquired assets. 

The movements of deferred taxes are as follows:

Movement of deferred taxes
€ in millions 
Deferred tax assets,  net as at January 1
Deferred tax income
Change in consolidated companies
see Note 4 1)
Change in deferred taxes on assets classified as held-for-sale
see Note 3 2)
Change in deferred taxes attributable to effective portion of qualifying hedging
instruments recorded in equity
see Note 23
Currency translation differences
Change in deferred taxes attributable to actuarial gains and losses recorded
in equity
see Note 18
Deferred tax assets,  net as at December 31

1) Relates to the acquisition of Ashworth,  Inc.  and Textronics,  Inc.  for the year ending December 31,  2008. 
2) Relates to the disposal group Gekko Brands,  LLC which is classified as held-for-sale for the year ending December 31,  2008. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

189

Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that the realisation of the related benefit
is probable.  When estimating the probability,  suitable fiscal structural measures are taken into
consideration along with past performance and the prospects of the respective business for the
foreseeable future. 

The effective tax rate of the Group differs from an anticipated tax rate of 30% and 40% for the
years ending December 31,  2008 and 2007,  respectively,  as follows:

Tax rate reconciliation
Deferred tax assets,  whose realisation of the related tax benefits is not probable,  increased on
 currency-neutral basis and after considering initial consolidation effects from € 195 million to
€ 212 million for the year ending December 31,  2008.  These amounts mainly relate to tax losses
and unused foreign tax credits of the USA tax group.  Remaining unrecognised deferred tax
assets relate to companies operating in certain emerging markets,  since the realisation of the
related benefit is not considered probable. 

Year ending Dec.  31,  2008

Year ending Dec.  31,  2007

€ in millions 
in %

€ in millions 
in %

271
(72)
45

300
(79)
49

326
(122)
57

400
(150)
70


1

248
12
260

02
01
01
274
14
288


(19)

252

260

10
(24)
02
308
10
318

The Group does not recognise deferred tax liabilities for unremitted earnings of non-German
subsidiaries to the extent that they are expected to be permanently invested in international
operations.  These earnings,  the amount of which cannot be practicably computed,  could become
subject to additional tax if they were remitted as dividends or if the Group were to sell its shareholdings in the subsidiaries. 

Expected income tax expenses
Tax rate differentials
Non-deductible expenses
Losses for which benefits were not recognisable and
changes in valuation allowances
Changes in tax rates
Other,  net 
Tax expenses
Tax expenses are split as follows:

Withholding tax expenses
Income tax expenses 
Income tax expenses 
The line 'changes in tax rates" reflects changes enacted in German and non-German tax rates
which are utilised in the calculation of deferred taxes.  In 2007,  the total change related mainly to
 UK tax rate reduction effective in 2008. 

€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

331
(71)
260

Current tax expenses
Deferred tax (income)
Income tax expenses 
190

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2007

286
(26)
260

29 Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net income attributable to shareholders
by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. 
Dilutive potential shares arose under the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) of adidas AGwhich was implemented in 1999
see Note 33.  As the required performance criteria for the
exercise of the stock options of all tranches of the share option plan have been fulfilled,  dilutive
potential shares impact the diluted earnings per share calculation. 
It is also necessary to include dilutive potential shares arising from the convertible bond
issuance in October 2003 in the calculation of diluted earnings per share as at December 312008 and 2007,  respectively,  as the required conversion criteria were fulfilled at the balance
see Note 15.  As a result,  the convertible bond is assumed to have been converted
sheet date
into ordinary shares and the net income is adjusted to eliminate the interest expense less the
tax effect. 

Notes Additional Information 
30 Segmental information
The Group operates predominately in one industry segment the design,  wholesale and marketing of athletic and sports lifestyle products.  The Group is currently managed by brands. 
Certain Group functions are centralised and an allocation of these functions to specific segments
is not considered to be meaningful.  This includes functions such as central treasury,  worldwide
sourcing as well as other headquarters departments.  Assets,  liabilities,  income and expenses
relating to these corporate functions are presented in the HQ /Consolidation column together
with other non-allocable items and intersegment eliminations. 
The Reebok segment includes the brands Reebok,  Reebok-CCM Hockey and Rockport. 
The TaylorMade-adidas Golf segment includes the brands TaylorMade,  adidas Golf and
Ashworth. 

Earnings per share
Information about the Group's segments in accordance with the management approach is
presented on the following page. 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

Net income attributable to shareholders (€ in millions)
Weighted average number of shares
Basic earnings per share (in €)
Net income attributable to shareholders (€ in millions)
Interest expense on convertible bond,  net of taxes (€ in millions)
Net income used to determine diluted earnings per share (€ in millions)
Weighted average number of shares
Weighted share options
Weighted assumed conversion convertible bond
Weighted average number of shares for diluted earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share (in €)

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2007

642
197562346
325
642
13
655
197562346
86542
15684315
213333203
307

551
203594975
271
551
12
563
203594975
187887
15684315
219467177
257

There are no intersegment sales between the brands.  Net sales to third parties are shown in the
geographic market in which the revenues are realised.  The global sourcing function is included
in the HQ /Consolidation column.  Transactions between the segments are based on the dealingat-arm's-length principle. 
Segment assets include all operating assets and comprise mainly accounts receivable,  inventory as well as property,  plant and equipment and intangible assets.  Segment liabilities comprise
operating liabilities and consist principally of trade and other payables as well as accrued
liabilities and provisions.  Non-allocable items,  including financial assets or assets and liabilities
relating to income taxes and borrowings,  are included in the HQ /Consolidation column. 
Capital expenditure as well as amortisation and depreciation relate to segment assets. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

191

Primary segmental information by brand
€ in millions
adidas 
Reebok 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
HQ /Consolidation 
adidas Group 
2008

2008

2007

2008

2007

2008

2007

2008

2007

7821
3802
486%
1098
140%
3872
1041
189
27
117


Net sales to third parties
Gross profit
in % of net sales
Operating profit
in % of net sales
Assets
Liabilities
Capital expenditure
Capital expenditure from acquisitions of subsidiaries
Amortisation and depreciation
Impairment 
2007

7113
3370
474%
920
129%
3329
900
150
—
104


2148
795
370%
(7)
(03)%
3033
355
53
—
60


2333
902
387%
109
47%
2913
421
57
—
60


812
359
443%
78
96%
748
127
15
59
11
—

804
360
447%
65
81%
629
106
12
—
12
—

18
300
—
(99)
—
1880
4610
123
—
33
—

49
250
—
(145)
—
1454
3865
70
—
25
—

10799
5256
487%
1070
99%
9533
6133
380
86
221


10299
4882
474%
949
92%
8325
5292
289
—
201


Secondary segmental information by region
€ in millions
Europe 
North America 
Asia 
Latin America 
HQ /Consolidation 
adidas Group 
2008

Net sales to third parties
Assets
Capital expenditure
Capital expenditure from
acquisitions of subsidiaries 
2007

2008

2007

2008

2007

2008

2007

2008

2007

2008

2007

4665
2319
102

4369
1819
105

2520
1659
45

2929
1489
34

2662
962
61

2254
772
49

893
547
29

657
285
10

59
4046
143

89
3960
91

10799
9533
380

10299
8325
289

—

—

86

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

86

—

Region Europe also includes Middle East and Africa,  Region Asia also includes the Pacific region. 

192

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
31 Additional cash flow information
In 2008,  the line item 'Acquisition of subsidiaries and other business units net of cash acquired"
from the consolidated statement of cash flows includes the acquisition of Saxon Athletic
Manufacturing,  Inc.,  Reebok Productos Esportivos Brasil Ltda.  (formerly Comercial Vulcabras
Ltda. ),  Textronics,  Inc.  and Ashworth,  Inc. 
see Note 4. 
In 2007,  this line item includes the acquisition of the assets and liabilities of Mitchell & Nesssee Note 4. 
Inc.,  based in Philadelphia /Pennsylvania (USA),  as part of an asset deal 
33 Equity compensation benefits
Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) of adidas AG
Under the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) adopted by the shareholders of adidas AG
on May 20,  1999,  and amended by resolution of the Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2002,  and
on May 13,  2004,  the Executive Board was authorised to issue non-transferable stock options for
up to 1373350 no-par-value bearer shares to members of the Executive Board of adidas AG
as well as to managing directors /senior vice presidents of its related companies and to other
executives of adidas AG and its related companies until August 27,  2004.  The granting of stock
options took place in tranches not exceeding 25% of the total volume for each fiscal year. 

32 Commitments and contingencies
 two-year vesting period and a term of approximately seven years upon their respective issue
applies for the stock options. 

Other financial commitments
The Group has other financial commitments for promotion and advertising contracts,  which
mature as follows:

Financial commitments for promotion and advertising
€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2008

Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total 
Dec.  31,  2007

386
1082
611
2079

443
1134
176
1753

Commitments with respect to advertising and promotion maturing after five years have remaining terms of up to 14 years from December 31,  2008. 
Information regarding commitments under lease and service contracts is also included in these
Notes
see Note 22. 
Litigation
The Group is currently engaged in various lawsuits resulting from the normal course of businessmainly in connection with license and distribution agreements as well as competition issues. 
The risks regarding these lawsuits are covered by provisions when a reliable estimate of the
amount of the obligation can be made
see Note 16.  In the opinion of Management,  the ultimate
liabilities resulting from such claims will not materially affect the consolidated financial position
of the Group. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

193

Management Share Option Plan (MSOP)

Tranche I (1999)

Tranche II (2000)

Tranche III (2001)

Tranche IV (2002)

Number 
Exercise
price in €

Number 
Exercise
price in €

Number 
Exercise
price in €

Number 
Exercise
price in €

Number 
Exercise
price in €

266550

0

—
—

335100
8050


400
—

342850
12150
300

400
400

340850
30625
150

4384
400

88000
7800
1000

400
400

18324
17236
18888


0

0

0

0

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

3900

0
4150

0

0

400
—
—
400
—
—
—
—

2100
400
700

8650
8650
8650
600

400
400
400
—
400
400
400
400

7600
575
3300

19000
19000
19000
850

400
400
400
—
400
400
400
520

900

0

5900
5900
5900


400
—
—
—
400
400
400
—

17392
15444
000


0

0

0

—
—
—
—
—
—


0

0

0

—
—
—
—
—
—

4950

0
3100

0

400
—
—
400
—
—

5150
1800

0
11200
11200

400
640
—
—
640
640

1000
300

0
4600
4600

400
400
—
—
400
400

Share price
in €

Originally issued
Outstanding as at Jan.  1,  2007
Forfeited during the period
Exercised during the period
May 2007 1)
Aug.  2007 1)
Nov.  2007 1)
Expired during the period
Outstanding as at Dec.  31,  2007
Exercisable as at Dec.  31,  2007
Outstanding as at Jan.  1,  2008
Forfeited during the period
Exercised during the period
May 2008 1)
Aug.  2008 1)
Nov.  2008 1)
Expired during the period
Outstanding as at Dec.  31,  2008
Exercisable as at Dec.  31,  2008

Tranche V (2003)

1) Due to the share split effective May 2007,  one option grants the right to purchase four shares.  Accordingly,  the share price information refers to four shares each. 

The remaining contractual lives for stock options outstanding at the end of the period are presented as follows: Tranche IV (2002) until July 2009 and Tranche V (2003) until July 2010. 
For stock options outstanding at the end of the period it is not possible to disclose the range of
exercise prices because they are dependent on future share price development. 

The stock options may only be exercised against payment of the exercise price.  The exercise
price corresponds to the arithmetical mean of the closing price of the adidas AG share over
the last 20 trading days of the respective exercise period,  less a discount,  based on the extent
to which the share price at exercise exceeded the absolute and relative performance hurdles
outlined above.  In any case,  the exercise price shall be at least the lowest issue price as stated in
§ 9 section 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG),  currently € 100 (i, e.  € 400 per option). 

No stock options were issued during the year under review. 
Stock options may only be exercised subject to the attainment of at least one of the following
performance objectives:
(1) Absolute Performance: During the period between the issuance and exercise of the stock
options,  the stock market price for the adidas AG share calculated upon the basis of the 'total
shareholder return approach" has increased by an annual average rate of at least 8%. 
(2) Relative Performance: During the same period,  the stock market price for the adidas AG
share must have developed by an annual average of 1% more favourably than the stock market
prices of a basket of global competitors of the adidas Group and in absolute terms may not
have fallen. 

194

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Notes 
Option terms and conditions stipulate that the stock options may be used for existing common
shares in lieu of new shares from the contingent capital,  or in the place of common shares the
discount is paid in cash. 
The new shares participate in profits from the beginning of the year in which they are issued. 

34 Other information 
Executive Board
In 2008,  the overall compensation of the members of the Executive Board (all short-term
benefits) totalled € 84 million (2007: € 106 million).  Post-employment benefits (costs for
accrued pension entitlements for members of the Executive Board) totalled € 04 million (2007:
€ 05 million). 

Employees
The average numbers of employees are as follows:

Employees 
In 2008,  former members of the Executive Board received pension payments totalling € 17 million
(2007: € 17 million). 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

Own retail
Sales
Logistics
Marketing
Central functions and administration
Production
Research and development
Information technology
Total 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2007

16071
4133
5395
3308
3160
2118
1058
886
36129

11180
4065
4550
2842
2929
1910
973
769
29218

Pension provisions for pension obligations relating to former members of the Executive Board
amount in total to € 364 million (2007: € 376 million). 
No members of the Executive Board were granted loans in 2008. 
Members of the Executive Board have not been granted any stock options since 2003.  In 2008current and former members of the Executive Board exercised zero stock options (2007: 2800). 
see Note 33. 
Details of the Management Share Option Plan are also included in these Notes
Further information on disclosures according to § 314 section 1 no.  6a HGB (German commercial
law) is provided in the Compensation Report
see Compensation Report,  p.  030. 

35 Information relating to the German Corporate Governance Code
Accountant service fees
Following the formation of KPMG Europe LLP effective October 1,  2007,  KPMG LLP (UK) is an
affiliated company of KPMG Germany as defined under § 271 section 2 HGB.  The disclosure
requirement for audit and accounting services fees provided by KPMG LLP (UK) relates to
services rendered after September 30,  2007. 
Effective October 1,  2008,  KPMG Switzerland and KPMG Spain are part of KPMG Europe LLP
and are thus affiliated companies of KPMG Germany as defined under § 271 section 2 HGB.  The
disclosure requirement for audit and accounting services fees provided by KPMG Switzerland
and KPMG Spain relates to services rendered after September 30,  2008. 
In 2008,  adidas AG recorded € 12 million (2007: € 12 million) as expense for the professional
service fee for the auditor of the annual and consolidated financial statements. 
Expenses for tax consultancy services provided by the auditor,  for other confirmation services
provided by the auditor and for other services provided by the auditor amounted to € 02 million
(2007: € 01 million),  € 00 million (2007: € 00 million) and € 01 million (2007: € 05 million)respectively. 
Remuneration of the Supervisory Board and the Executive Board of adidas AG
Supervisory Board
Pursuant to the Articles of Association,  the Supervisory Board members' fixed annual payment
amounted to € 09 million (2007: € 03 million). 

Information pursuant to § 161 German Stock Corporation Act (AktG)
On February 11,  2009,  the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of adidas AG issued the
updated declaration of conformity in accordance with § 161 of the Stock Corporation Act (AktG). 
The full text of the Declaration of Compliance is available on the Group's corporate website. 

36 Events after the balance sheet date
Group-specific subsequent events
Effective January 1,  2009,  the adidas Group acquired the remaining 25% of shares of Reebok's
subsidiary in Spain,  Reebok Spain S. A.,  Alicante. 
Effective January 23,  2009,  the adidas Group acquired the remaining 5% of shares of its
subsidiary in Greece,  adidas Hellas A. E.,  Thessaloniki. 
Date of authorisation for issue
The Executive Board of adidas AG approved the consolidated financial statements for submission
to the Supervisory Board on February 16,  2009.  It is the Supervisory Board's task to examine the
consolidated financial statements and give their approval and authorisation for issue. 
Herzogenaurach,  February 16,  2009
The Executive Board of adidas AG

No members of the Supervisory Board were granted loans in 2008. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

195

Statement of movements of intangible and tangible assets and financial assets
€ in millions 
Goodwill 
196

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Land and buildings 
1454
(156)
—
—
(7)
—
—
—
1291
75

27
—
(3)
—
—

1390

447
(29)
59
—
(1)
—
—
(35)
441
12
60
20
—
—
—
(10)
(6)
517

3417
(265)
59
—
(7)
—
—
(35)
3169
131
60
65
—
(4)
—
(10)
(6)
3406

484
(31)
24
—
(20)
—

(30)
430

21
12
44
(6)
—
10
(27)
489

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


224
(15)
64
—
—
—
(1)
—
—
(25)
247
10
61
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(4)
313

224
(15)
64
—
—
—
(1)
—
—
(25)
247
10
61
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(4)
313

104
(9)
22

—
—
(10)
—
—
(16)
92

25

—
—

—
—
(1)
(8)
116

1516
1436
1499

Statement of Movements of Intangible and Tangible Assets and Financial Assets 
Total intangible assets 
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals
Software,  patents
and concessions 
1516
(80)
—
—
—
—
—
—
1436
45

18
—
—
—
—
—
1499

Acquisition cost
January 1,  2007
Currency effect
Additions
Increase in companies consolidated
Transfers to assets held for sale
Decrease in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  2007/January 1,  2008
Currency effect
Additions
Increase in companies consolidated
Transfers from assets held for sale
Transfers to assets held for sale
Decrease in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  2008
Accumulated depreciation /amortisation
January 1,  2007
Currency effect
Additions
Impairment
Write-ups
Increase in companies consolidated
Transfers to assets held for sale
Decrease in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  2007/January 1,  2008
Currency effect
Additions
Impairment
Write-ups
Increase in companies consolidated
Transfers from assets held for sale
Transfers to assets held for sale
Decrease in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  2008
Net carrying amount
December 31,  2006
December 31,  2007
December 31,  2008

Trademarks 
1454
1291
1390

223
194
204

3193
2922
3093

380
338
373

(Attachment I)

Technical equipment
and machinery 
Other equipmentfurniture and fittings 
Construction in progress 
Total tangible assets 
Shares in
affiliated companies 
Participations 
Other financial assets 
Total financial assets 
118
(10)
21
—
(3)
—

(19)
115
(4)
17

—
—
—
14
(6)
140

567
(38)
127
—
(7)
—
17
(37)
629

183

5
(1)
—
58
(36)
847

18
(2)
57
—
—
—
(28)
(3)
42

94
—
—
—
—
(72)
(2)
66

1187
(81)
230
—
(30)
—
—
(89)
1216

316
23
49
(7)
—
10
(71)
1542

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

129
(2)

—
—
—
—
(3)
130

2
—
—
—
—
—
(10)
123

129
(2)

—
—
—
—
(3)
130

2
—
—
—
—
—
(10)
123

55
(8)
14
—
—
—
(2)
—
—
(15)
44
—
15
—
—
—
—
—
—
(3)
(6)
50

339
(30)
109

(1)
—
(7)
—
—
(34)
378

124

—
—

—
—

(29)
490

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

498
(47)
145

(1)
—
(19)
—
—
(65)
514

165

—
—

—
—
—
(42)
656

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

23
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
27
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
27

23
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
27
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
27

63
71
90

228
251
357

18
42
66

689
702
886

—
—
—

—
—
—

106
103
96

106
103
96

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

197

Shareholdings of adidas AG,  Herzogenaurach 
(Attachment II)

as of December 31,  2008

Currency 
Equity
(currency units in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)

EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR

(706)
33
26
354103
29
2234
25

1
25

21700

Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Kirchheim-Heimstetten (Germany)

EUR
EUR

1226
3310

directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
76
106
12
112

90
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
75
25
100
100

Cham (Switzerland)
Cham (Switzerland)
Klagenfurt (Austria)

CHF
CHF
EUR

20311
193
16198

18 adidas Holding S. A. 
19 adidas France S, a, r, l. 
20 adidas International B. V. 

Metz-Tessy (France)
Landersheim (France)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)

EUR
EUR
EUR

330748
107948
5509558

21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31

Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Brussels (Belgium)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)

EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
GBP
GBP
GBP
GBP
GBP
GBP

653297
233364
6770
11637
9215
29206
—
—
—
—
—

directly
directly
directly
15
65
18
directly
19
20
20
20
directly
24
65
26
26
26
29
26
27

100
100
9589
411
100
100
9397
603
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
50
50

Company and Domicile 

2

4

6

8

10
11
12

GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG
GEV Grundstücks-Beteiligungsgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH
adidas Versicherungs-Vermittlungs GmbH 12)
adidas Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH 12)
Immobilieninvest und Betriebsgesellschaft Herzo-Base Verwaltungs GmbH
Immobilieninvest und Betriebsgesellschaft Herzo-Base GmbH & Co.  KG
World of Commerce Management GmbH 6)
World of Commerce GmbH & Co.  KG 6)
Hotel Herzo-Base GmbH & Co.  KG 6)
Herzo-Base Management GmbH 6)
Factory Outlet Herzo-Base GmbH & Co.  KG 6)
Reebok Deutschland GmbH

13 ASL American Sports & Leisure Vertriebs GmbH 12)
14 Reebok-CCM Hockey GmbH
Europe (incl.  Africa and Middle East)
15 adidas sport gmbh
16 Sarragan AG
17 adidas Austria GmbH

adidas International Trading B. V. 
adidas International Marketing B. V. 
adidas International Finance B. V. 
adidas Benelux B. V. 
adidas Belgium N. V. 
adidas (UK) Ltd.  1)
adidas (ILKLEY) Ltd.  1) 6)
Larasport (U.K. ) Ltd.  1) 6)
Sarragan (U.K. ) Ltd.  1) 6)
adidas Trefoil Trading (U.K. ) Ltd.  1) 6)
Three Stripes Ltd.  1) 6)

1) Sub-group adidas UK 2) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.  3) Sub-group India 4) Sub-group Mexico,  adidas
5) Sub-group Mexico,  Reebok 6) Companies with no active business 7) The number refers to the number of the company
8) Sub-group Onfield 9) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Inc.  10) Sub-group Sports Holdings Corporation
11) Sub-group Reebok International Limited 12) Profit and loss transfer agreement 13) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc. 

198

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Shareholdings 
Shareholdings of adidas AG,  Herzogenaurach 
(Attachment II)

as of December 31,  2008

Currency 
Equity
(currency units in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

Basingstoke (Great Britain)
Dublin (Ireland)
Dublin (Ireland)
Zaragoza (Spain)
Monza (Italy)
Lisbon (Portugal)
Lillestrom (Norway)
Stockholm (Sweden)
Helsinki (Finland)
Them (Denmark)
Prague (Czech Republic)
Budapest (Hungary)
Sofia (Bulgaria)
Moscow (Russia)
Warsaw (Poland)
Bucharest (Romania)
Riga (Latvia)
Bratislava (Slovak Republic)
Ljubljana (Slovenia)
Kiev (Ukraine)
Thessaloniki (Greece)
Istanbul (Turkey)
Istanbul (Turkey)
Dubai (United Arab Emirates)

GBP
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
NOK
SEK
EUR
DKK
CZK
HUF
BGN
USD
PLN
RON
EUR
SKK
EUR
USD
EUR
TRY
TRY
USD

(5015)
14256
7881
34533
53816
2888
72608
85990
3479
9427
231200
1114604
2611
342573
88030
29722
362
250238
1352
69049
8456
139918
9296
48406

Dubai (United Arab Emirates)
Cairo (Egypt)
Cairo (Egypt)

USD
USD
USD

272
5476
14018

Cairo (Egypt)
Tel Aviv (Israel)
Cape Town (South Africa)
Nicosia (Cyprus)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Bolton (Great Britain)
Bolton (Great Britain)

USD
ILS
ZAR
EUR
USD
GBP
GBP

(1832)
1916
152268
3285
5964
—
804770

20
20
20

20
20
directly
directly
20
20
directly
directly
directly
17
directly
20
20
directly
directly
directly
directly
20
21
19
indirectly
20
58
21
20
directly
directly
directly
directly
107
106
20
106

100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
85
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
95
100
100
49
51
100
100
10
90
100
100
100
100
100
100
651
349

Company and Domicile 
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55

Taylor Made Golf Ltd. 
adidas (Ireland) Ltd. 
adidas International Re Ltd. 
adidas Espana S. A. 
adidas Italy S, p. A
adidas Portugal S. A. 
adidas Norge AS
adidas Sverige AB
adidas Suomi Oy
adidas Danmark A /S
adidas CR s, r, o. 
adidas Budapest Kft. 
adidas Bulgaria EAD
adidas Ltd. 
adidas Poland Sp.  z o.  o. 
adidas Romania S. R. L. 
adidas Baltics SIA
adidas Slovakia s, r, o. 
adidas Trgovina d, o, o. 
SC adidas-Ukraine
adidas Hellas A. E. 
adidas Spor Malzemeleri Satis ve Pazarlama A. S. 
a-RET Tekstil ve Deri Ürünleri Tic.  A. S. 
adidas Emerging Market L. L. C. 

56 adidas Emerging Markets FZE
57 adidas Imports & Exports Ltd. 
58 adidas Sporting Goods Ltd. 
59
60
61
62
63
64
65

adidas Egypt Ltd.  6)
adidas Israel Ltd. 
adidas (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd. 
adidas (Cyprus) Limited
Rockport (Europe) B. V. 
Reebok Finance Limited 6) 11)
Reebok International Limited 11)

1) Sub-group adidas UK 2) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.  3) Sub-group India 4) Sub-group Mexico,  adidas
5) Sub-group Mexico,  Reebok 6) Companies with no active business 7) The number refers to the number of the company
8) Sub-group Onfield 9) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Inc.  10) Sub-group Sports Holdings Corporation
11) Sub-group Reebok International Limited 12) Profit and loss transfer agreement 13) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

199

Shareholdings of adidas AG,  Herzogenaurach 
(Attachment II)

as of December 31,  2008

Currency 
Equity
(currency units in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

Alicante (Spain)
Prague (Czech Republic)
Warsaw (Poland)
Bolton (Great Britain)

EUR
CZK
PLN
GBP

45861
10823
78153
—

Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Bolton (Great Britain)
Bolton (Great Britain)
Bolton (Great Britain)
Bolton (Great Britain)
Bolton (Great Britain)
Bolton (Great Britain)
Bergheim (Austria)

USD
USD
GBP
GBP
USD
GBP
GBP
EUR

1305
1848
—
—
3112
—
56825
7271

Bergheim (Austria)
Monza (Italy)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Dublin (Ireland)
Voisins Le Bretonneux (France)
Voisins Le Bretonneux (France)
Brussels (Belgium)
Povoa de Santo Adriao (Portugal)
Malung (Sweden)
Malung (Sweden)
Gressvik (Norway)
Forssa (Finland)
Almaty (Republic of Kazakhstan)
New Belgrade (Serbia)
Zagreb (Croatia)
Dubai (United Arab Emirates)

EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
SEK
SEK
NOK
EUR
USD
RSD
HRK
JOD

713
8345
15847
(1124)
8268
9295
(470)
4652
23775
—
117945
12603
22603
4964
(3919)
1498
2071

106
directly
106
106
125
106
65
65
65
65
65
65
71
76
77
36
76
24
33
76
83
76
76
113
87
87
87
directly
20
20
56

75
100
100
89
11
100
100
100
100
100
100
100

99
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
55

Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)

USD
USD
USD
USD

4307286
(318)
31690
93749

20
95
95
95

100
100
100
100

Company and Domicile 
66
67
68
69

Reebok Spain S. A. 
American Sports & Leisure (CZ) s, r, o
Reebok Poland S. A. 
RBK Holdings Limited 11)

70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77

Reebok International Finance B. V. 
Reebok Sports Limited
J. W.  Foster & Sons (Athletic Shoes) Limited 6) 11)
The Rockport Company Limited 6) 11)
Reebok Eastern Trading Limited 6)
Reebok Pensions Management Limited 11)
Reebok Europe Holdings Private Unlimited Company
Reebok Austria GmbH

78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94

ASL American Sports and Leisure Vertriebs GmbH
Reebok Italia Srl
Reebok Europe B. V. 
Reebok Nederland (Retail) B. V. 
Reebok Ireland Limited
Reebok France S. A. 
Reebok France Retail SARL
Reebok Belgium S. A. 
Reebok Portugal,  Artigos Desportivos,  S. A. 
Nordic Hockey Company AB 10)
Reebok Jofa AB
Reebok Jofa AS
Reebok Finland OY
adidas LLP
adidas Serbia d, o, o. 
adidas Croatia d, o, o. 
adidas Levant Ltd. 

North America
95 adidas North America,  Inc. 
96 adidas America,  Inc. 
97 adidas Promotional Retail Operations,  Inc. 
98 adidas Sales,  Inc. 

1) Sub-group adidas UK 2) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.  3) Sub-group India 4) Sub-group Mexico,  adidas
5) Sub-group Mexico,  Reebok 6) Companies with no active business 7) The number refers to the number of the company
8) Sub-group Onfield 9) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Inc.  10) Sub-group Sports Holdings Corporation
11) Sub-group Reebok International Limited 12) Profit and loss transfer agreement 13) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc. 

200

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Shareholdings 
Shareholdings of adidas AG,  Herzogenaurach 
(Attachment II)

as of December 31,  2008

Currency 
Equity
(currency units in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Carlsbad,  California (USA)
Concord,  Ontario (Canada)
Brantford,  Ontario (Canada)
Brantford,  Ontario (Canada)

USD
USD
USD
USD
CAD
CAD
CAD

13982
38635
155
76508
73726
(1249)
2235

Canton,  Massachusetts (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Montreal (Canada)
Montreal (Canada)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Montpelier,  Vermont (USA)

USD
USD
CAD
CAD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD

(1031920)
237866
2245
44304
11051
148477
(18333)
—
4537

New Brunswick (Canada)
Dover,  Delaware (USA)
New Brunswick (Canada)
Montreal (Canada)
Delaware (USA)
Delaware (USA)
New Jersey (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Stoughton,  Massachusetts (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Boston,  Massachusetts (USA)

CAD
USD
CAD
CAD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD

72354
—
—
6317
—
—
—
7248
—
18
—
100921

Dover,  Delaware (USA)

USD

—

Dover,  Delaware (USA)
Boston,  Massachusetts (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Carlsbad,  California (USA)

USD
USD
USD
USD

—
369
11073
—

95
95
95
95
directly
103
103
104
95
106
106
106
106
106
111
112
111
112
111
111
116
117
111
111
120
106
106
106
106
106
125
106
128
106
106
100
102

100
100
100
100
100
100
9985
015
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
64
36
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
99

99

100
100
100
100

Company and Domicile 
99
100
101
102
103
104
105

adidas Village Corporation
adidas International,  Inc. 
adidas Team,  Inc. 
Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc.  13)
adidas Canada Ltd. 
Campus Athletic,  Inc. 
Saxon Athletic Manufacturing,  Inc. 

106
107
108
109
110
111
112
113
114

Reebok International Ltd.  2)
The Rockport Company,  LLC
RC Investments Ltd. 
Reebok Canada Inc. 
The Reebok Worldwide Trading Company,  LLC
Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Inc.  9)
Sports Holdings Corp.  10)
WAP Holdings Inc.  10)
Reebok-CCM Hockey U.S.,  Inc. 

115
116
117
118
119
120
121
122
123
124
125
126

Sport Maska Inc. 
SLM Trademark Acquisition Corp.  9) 6)
SLM Trademark Acquisition Canada Corporation 9) 6)
CCM Holdings (1983) Inc. 
Consumer Infomarketing,  Inc.  9) 6)
Smedley Industries,  Inc.  9) 6)
Toy Factory,  Inc.  9) 6)
Reebok Aviation,  LLC 6)
Reebok CHC,  Inc.  6) 2)
RFC,  Inc. 
Reebok Securities Holdings LLC 2)
Sports Licensed Division of the adidas Group,  LLC

127 Onfield Apparel Group,  LLC 8)
128
129
130
131

Reebok Onfield,  LLC 8)
RBK Thailand,  Inc.  2)
Textronics,  Inc. 
Ashworth,  Inc.  13)

1) Sub-group adidas UK 2) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.  3) Sub-group India 4) Sub-group Mexico,  adidas
5) Sub-group Mexico,  Reebok 6) Companies with no active business 7) The number refers to the number of the company
8) Sub-group Onfield 9) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Inc.  10) Sub-group Sports Holdings Corporation
11) Sub-group Reebok International Limited 12) Profit and loss transfer agreement 13) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

201

Shareholdings of adidas AG,  Herzogenaurach 
(Attachment II)

as of December 31,  2008

Currency 
Equity
(currency units in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Bristol (Great Britain)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Montgomery,  Alabama (USA)
Montgomery,  Alabama (USA)
Montgomery,  Alabama (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)

USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

131
131
131
131
131
132
137
137
131

100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100

adidas Sourcing Ltd. 
adidas Services Limited
adidas Hong Kong Ltd. 
adidas (Suzhou) Co.  Ltd. 
adidas Sports (China) Co.  Ltd. 
adidas (China) Ltd. 
adidas Japan K. K. 
Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Ltd. 
adidas Korea Ltd. 
adidas Korea Technical Services Ltd. 
Taylor Made Korea Ltd. 
adidas India Private Ltd.  3)

Hong Kong (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Suzhou (China)
Suzhou (China)
Shanghai (China)
Tokyo (Japan)
Tokyo (Japan)
Seoul (Korea)
Pusan (Korea)
Seoul (Korea)
New Delhi (India)

USD
USD
HKD
CNY
CNY
CNY
JPY
JPY
KRW
KRW
KRW
INR

458423
3234
145871
59018
1390964
78621
26665820
9586710
47092012
(6009126)
12831632
(785053)

153 adidas India Marketing Private Ltd.  3)

New Delhi (India)

INR

—

Jakarta (Indonesia)

IDR

5535273

Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia)

MYR

25534

Manila (Philippines)
(Singapore)
Taipei (Taiwan)
Bangkok (Thailand)

PHP
SGD
TWD
THB

153220
22812
408978
21555

160 adidas (Thailand) Co.,  Ltd. 

Bangkok (Thailand)

THB

615160

161 adidas Australia Pty.  Ltd. 

Mulgrave (Australia)

AUD

27903

21
20
directly

4
20
65
65
directly
141
directly
20
directly
20
152
20
directly
directly
20
directly
directly
20
directly
indirectly
directly
159
20

100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100

99
86
914
99

60
40
100
100
100
49
51
4999
5001
100

Company and Domicile 
132
133
134
135
136
137
138
139
140
Asia
141
142
143
144
145
146
147
148
149
150
151
152

Ashworth Acquisition Corp.  13)
Ashworth U.K.  Ltd.  13)
Ashworth Store I,  Inc.  13)
Ashworth Store II,  Inc.  13)
Ashworth EDC,  LLC 13)
Gekko Brands,  L. L. C.  13)
Kudzu,  LLC 13)
The Game,  LLC 13)
Sunice Holdings,  Inc.  13)

154 P. T.  adidas Indonesia Ltd. 
155 adidas (Malaysia) Sdn.  Bhd. 
156
157
158
159

adidas Philippines Inc. 
adidas Singapore Pte.  Ltd. 
adidas Taiwan Limited
adidas Holding (Thailand) Co.,  Ltd. 

1) Sub-group adidas UK 2) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.  3) Sub-group India 4) Sub-group Mexico,  adidas
5) Sub-group Mexico,  Reebok 6) Companies with no active business 7) The number refers to the number of the company
8) Sub-group Onfield 9) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Inc.  10) Sub-group Sports Holdings Corporation
11) Sub-group Reebok International Limited 12) Profit and loss transfer agreement 13) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc. 

202

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Shareholdings 
Shareholdings of adidas AG,  Herzogenaurach 
(Attachment II)

as of December 31,  2008

Currency 
Equity
(currency units in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

Auckland (New Zealand)
New Delhi (India)
Seoul (Korea)
Shanghai (China)
New Delhi (India)
Hong Kong (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Zhuhai (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Port Louis (Mauritius)

NZD
USD
KRW
CNY
INR
HKD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD

5370
133
13008164
783
991469
—
42563
7558
1194
1418
1982
2242

directly
141
65
65
173
120
106
168
141
168
168
106
110

100
100
100
100
9315
100
100
100
100
100
100
99


Latin America
174 adidas Argentina S. A. 

Buenos Aires (Argentina)

ARS

137474

175 adidas do Brasil Ltda. 
176 ASPA do Brasil Ltda. 
177 adidas Chile Ltda. 

São Paulo (Brazil)
São Paulo (Brazil)
Santiago de Chile (Chile)

BRL
BRL
CLP

316798
(42897)
32461677

Bogota (Columbia)
Mexico City (Mexico)
Mexico City (Mexico)
Panama City (Panama)
Panama City (Panama)
Montevideo (Uruguay)
Caracas (Venezuela)
Neucalpan de Juarez (Mexico)
Neucalpan de Juarez (Mexico)
Neucalpan de Juarez (Mexico)
Jundiai (Brazil)
San Juan (Puerto Rico)
Buenos Aires (Argentina)

COP
MXN
MXN
USD
USD
UYU
VEF
MXN
MXN
MXN
BRL
USD
ARS

41313513
290444
—
(13050)
444
(436)
(17)
(137216)
—
—
16970
(415)
7511

20

4
141
directly

directly
directly
directly
directly
20
directly
directly
106
185
185
20
20
20
21

95

100
100
99

100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
9999
100
8999
1000

Company and Domicile 
162
163
164
165
166
167
168
169
170
171
172
173

178
179
180
181
182
183
184
185
186
187
188
189
190

adidas New Zealand Ltd. 
adidas Technical Services Private Limited
Reebok Korea Ltd. 
RIL Shanghai Company Limited
Reebok India Company Unlimited
Smedley Industries (Hong Kong) Limited 9) 6)
Reebok Trading (Far East) Ltd. 
Reebok (China) Services Limited
Zhuhai adidas Technical Services Ltd. 
RIL Taiwan Services Ltd. 
RIL Indonesia Services Limited
Reebok (Mauritius) Company Limited 
adidas Colombia Ltda. 
adidas de Mexico S. A.  de C. V.  4)
adidas Industrial S. A.  de C. V.  4)
adidas Latin America S. A. 
Concept Sport S. A. 
 Stripes S. A.  (adidas Uruguay) 6)
adidas Corporation de Venezuela,  S. A.  6)
Reebok de Mexico,  S. A.  de C. V.  5)
Amserv,  S. A.  de C. V.  5)
Vector Servicios,  S. A.  de C. V.  5)
Reebok Productos Esportivos Brasil Ltda. 
adisport Corporation
Reebok Argentina S. A. 

1) Sub-group adidas UK 2) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.  3) Sub-group India 4) Sub-group Mexico,  adidas
5) Sub-group Mexico,  Reebok 6) Companies with no active business 7) The number refers to the number of the company
8) Sub-group Onfield 9) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Inc.  10) Sub-group Sports Holdings Corporation
11) Sub-group Reebok International Limited 12) Profit and loss transfer agreement 13) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

203

adidas Group segmental information: ten-year overview
€ in millions
2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

2001

2000

1999

Brands
adidas
Net sales
Gross profit
Gross margin
Operating profit 1)
Operating margin 1)
Operating assets 
7821
3802
486%
1098
140%
3872

7113
3370
474%
920
129%
3329

6626
3059
462%
788
119%
3211

5861
2654
453%
693
118%
2536

5174
2284
441%
564
109%
2089

4950
2008
406%
365
74%
2172

5105
2004
392%
343
67%
2294

4825
1845
382%
352
73%
1954

4672
1907
408%
391
83%
2286

4427
1827
411%
431
96%
1987

Reebok 2)
Net sales
Gross profit
Gross margin
Operating profit
Operating margin
Operating assets 
2148
795
370%
(7)
(03%)
3033

2333
902
387%
109
47%
2913

2473
865
350%
86
35%
3217

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—

TaylorMade-adidas Golf 3)
Net sales
Gross profit
Gross margin
Operating profit 1)
Operating margin 1)
Operating assets 
812
359
443%
78
96%
748

804
360
447%
65
81%
629

856
376
439%
73
85%
656

709
312
440%
50
71%
692

633
298
470%
48
75%
619

637
290
455%
67
106%
391

707
345
488%
74
105%
433

545
281
515%
63
115%
316

441
221
495%
44
100%
219

327
160
484%
30
92%
156

1) Figures prior to 2004 exclude royalty and commission income and goodwill amortisation. 
2) Consolidated in adidas Group from February 1,  2006 onwards. 
3) Including Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 
4) 2004 and 2005 reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon business segment. 
5) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

204

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Segmental information: ten-year overview 
adidas Group segmental information: ten-year overview
€ in millions
2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

2001

2000

1999

Regions 4) 5)
Europe
Net sales 
4665

4369

4162

3166

3068

3365

3200

3066

2860

2723

North America
Net sales 
2520

2929

3234

1561

1332

1562

1960

1818

1906

1826

Asia
Net sales 
2662

2254

2020

1523

1192

1116

1166

1010

875

663

893

657

499

319

224

179

163

178

171

126

Latin America
Net sales 
1) Figures prior to 2004 exclude royalty and commission income and goodwill amortisation. 
2) Consolidated in adidas Group from February 1,  2006 onwards. 
3) Including Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 
4) 2004 and 2005 reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon business segment. 
5) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

205

Ten-year overview 
2008

2007

2006 1)

2005

2004

2003

2002

2001

2000

1999

Income Statement Data (€ in millions)
Net sales 2)
Gross profit 2)
Royalty and commission income 2)
Other operating income 2)
Other operating expenses 2)
Total operating income and expenses 2)
Operating profit 2) 3)
Financial result 2) 4)
Income before taxes 2) 4)
Income taxes 2)
Minority interests 2) 4)
Net income attributable to shareholders 5)

10799
5256
89
103
4378
4275
1070
(166)
904
260
(2)
642

10299
4882
102
80
4115
4035
949
(135)
815
260
(4)
551

10084
4495
90
55
3759
3704
881
(158)
723
227
(13)
483

6636
3197
47
36
2573
2537
707
(52)
655
221
(8)
383

5860
2813
42
 /a
 /a
2236
584
(59)
526
193
(7)
314

6267
2814
42
 /a
 /a
2324
490
(49)
438
167
(11)
260

6523
2819
46
 /a
 /a
2343
477
(87)
390
148
(14)
229

6112
2601
42
 /a
 /a
2126
475
(102)
376
147
(21)
208

5835
2528
43
 /a
 /a
2091
437
(94)
347
140
(25)
182

5354
2352
35
 /a
 /a
1870
482
(84)
398
153
(18)
228

Income Statement Ratios
Gross margin 2)
Other operating income and expenses as a percentage of net sales 2)
Operating margin 2) 3)
Interest coverage 2)
Effective tax rate 2)
Net income attributable to shareholders as a percentage of net sales 5)

487%
396%
99%
74
288%
59%

474%
392%
92%
68
318%
54%

446%
367%
87%
59
314%
48%

482%
382%
107%
184
337%
58%

480%
382%
100%
102
367%
54%

449%
371%
78%
84
380%
42%

432%
359%
73%
64
379%
35%

426%
348%
78%
49
390%
34%

433%
358%
75%
46
403%
31%

439%
349%
90%
61
384%
43%

9533
1995
2523
1290
2189
3386

8325
1629
2048
1522
1766
3023

8379
1607
1913
1733
2231
2828

5750
1230
1551
2644
(551)
2684

4434
1155
1425
1336
665
1544

4188
1164
1335
1433
1018
1285

4261
1190
1560
1445
1498
1081

4183
1273
1520
1485
1679
1015

4018
1294
1387
1417
1791
815

3587
1045
1234
1096
1591
680

Balance Sheet Data (€ in millions)
Total assets 4)
Inventories
Receivables and other current assets
Working capital 4)
Net borrowings
Shareholders' equity 4)

1) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 
2) 2004 and 2005 reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon business segment. 
3) Operating profit figures prior to 2004 exclude royalty and commission income and goodwill amortisation. 
4) 2003 and 2004 figures have been restated due to application of IAS 32/IAS 39 and amendment to IAS 19. 
5) Includes income from continuing and discontinued operations. 
6) Figures adjusted for 1: 4 share split conducted on June 6,  2006. 
7) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 
8) Based on number of shares outstanding at year-end. 

206

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Ten-year overview 
Ten-year overview 
2008

2007

2006 1)

2005

2004

2003

2002

2001

2000

1999

Balance Sheet Ratios
Financial leverage 4)
Equity ratio 4)
Equity-to-fixed-assets ratio 4)
Asset Coverage I 4)
Asset Coverage II 4)
Fixed asset intensity of investments
Current asset intensity of investments
Liquidity I 4)
Liquidity II 4)
Liquidity III 4)
Working capital turnover 4)
Return on equity 4) 5)
Return on capital employed 4) 5)

646%
355%
736%
1277%
891%
482%
518%
105%
551%
1098%
84
189%
198%

584%
363%
722%
1361%
980%
503%
497%
145%
703%
1326%
68
182%
202%

789%
338%
635%
1387%
1020%
532%
468%
158%
804%
1537%
58
171%
176%

(205%)
467%
1940%
2841%
1504%
241%
759%
920%
1480%
2194%
26
143%
493%

431%
348%
1104%
1941%
1063%
316%
684%
268%
884%
1564%
44
204%
275%

792%
307%
911%
1976%
1083%
337%
663%
208%
1008%
1874%
44
202%
221%

1385%
254%
754%
1969%
1076%
337%
663%
55%
991%
1853%
45
211%
168%

1655%
243%
778%
2093%
1059%
312%
688%
61%
960%
1874%
41
205%
167%

2196%
203%
662%
2077%
1013%
307%
693%
77%
904%
1850%
41
223%
170%

2340%
190%
549%
1834%
995%
345%
655%
55%
880%
1715%
49
335%
207%

Data Per Share 6)
Share price at year-end (in €)
Basic earnings 5) (in €)
Diluted earnings 5) (in €)
Price /earnings ratio at year-end
Market capitalisation at year-end (€ in millions)
Operating cash flow (in €)
Dividend (in €)
Dividend payout ratio (in %)
Number of outstanding shares at year-end (in thousands)

2714
325
307
88
5252
252
050 7)
151 8)
193516

5126
271
257
199
10438
383
050
180
203629

3773
237
225
168
7679
374
042
177
203537

4000
205
193
207
8122
188
033
172
203047

2969
172
164
181
5446
317
033
189
183436

2258
143
143
158
4104
358
025
175
181816

2058
126
126
163
3738
294
025
198
181692

2108
115
115
183
3823
212
023
200
181396

1650
100
100
165
2993
(006)
023
229
181396

1858
126
126
148
3381
181
023
183
181396

38982
1283

31344
1186

26376
1087

15935
706

14254
637

15686
709

14716
758

13941
695

13362
630

12829
580

Employees
Number of employees at year-end 2)
Personnel expenses 2) (€ in millions)

1) Including Reebok business segment from February 1,  2006 onwards.  Including Greg Norman apparel business from February 1,  2006 to November 30,  2006. 
2) 2004 and 2005 reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon business segment. 
3) Operating profit figures prior to 2004 exclude royalty and commission income and goodwill amortisation. 
4) 2003 and 2004 figures have been restated due to application of IAS 32/IAS 39 and amendment to IAS 19. 
5) Includes income from continuing and discontinued operations. 
6) Figures adjusted for 1: 4 share split conducted on June 6,  2006. 
7) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 
8) Based on number of shares outstanding at year-end. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

207

Glossary 
Clearance sales Revenues generated outside the course of normal business terms,  arising
from commercial decisions by management to clear excess stock usually through specific
channels and at a significant discount. 

AFIRM (Apparel and Footwear International Restricted Substances List Management) Working
Group A centre of excellence comprising experts whose aim it is to reduce the use and impact
of harmful substances in the apparel and footwear supply chains. 

Co-branded stores adidas or Reebok stores that are co-branded together with a partner,  for
example a sports league such as the NHL,  NFL or NBA. 

American Depositary Receipt (ADR) US-traded negotiable certificate of a foreign-based
company held by a US bank that entitles the holder to all dividends and rights of the underlying
stock.  ADRs provide a way for Americans to invest in foreign-based companies by buying their
shares in the USA instead of through an overseas exchange. 

Consumer price index (CPI) Measure of the average price of consumer goods and services
purchased by households.  Determined by measuring the price of a standard group of goods
meant to represent the typical market basket of a typical urban consumer.  The percentage
change in the CPI is a measure of inflation. 

Asset coverage I & II The extent to which a company's non-current assets cover its debt
obligations. 
They are expressed as a percentage and calculated as follows:
Asset coverage I (%)  (equity + non-current liabilities) / non-current assets. 
Asset coverage II (%)  (equity + non-current liabilities) / (non-current assets + inventories). 

Commercial paper Tradable unsecured promissory notes issued for the purpose of shortterm financing.  Commercial paper is issued on an ongoing,  revolving basis with maturities
typically between seven days and 12 months or more. 

Athletic specialty A largely mall-based retail distribution concept in North America that
focuses primarily on selling sports and sports lifestyle products to consumers. 
Backlogs Also called order backlogs.  The value of orders received for future delivery.  At
adidas and Reebok,  most retailers' orders are received six to nine months in advance,  depending
on the season. 
Basic Earnings Per Share (Basic EPS) Performance indicator used to gauge a company's
earnings per share,  based on the number of shares outstanding (excluding stock options,  as
well as options and conversion rights related to a convertible bond). 
Basic EPS  net income / weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. 
see also Diluted Earnings Per Share 
Beta factor Indicates a stock's relative risk.  A beta coefficient of more than one indicates that
the stock has a higher risk than the overall market.  Conversely,  a beta coefficient of less than
one indicates a lower risk. 
Computer Aided Design (CAD)

 computer application to aid in the design process. 

Capital expenditure Total cash expenditure used for the purchase of tangible and intangible
assets,  excluding acquisitions and finance leases. 
Classics Reebok products designed in an authentic heritage style,  targeting sports lifestyle
consumers who seek trendsetting streetwear with authentic origins. 

208

Appendix 
Glossary 
Concession corners Retail space that is fully operated by one brand within the adidas Group
and is part of a larger sales area operated by a retail partner. 
Controlled space Controlled space includes own-retail business,  mono-branded stores,  shopin-shops,  joint ventures with retail partners and co-branded stores.  Controlled space offers
 high level of brand control and ensures optimal product offering and presentation according to
brand requirements. 
Convertible bond Corporate bond that can be exchanged for a specific number of shares of
 company's common stock.  Convertible bonds tend to have lower interest rates than nonconvertibles because they also accrue value as the price of the underlying stock rises.  In this
way,  convertible bonds reflect a combination of the benefits of stocks and those of bonds. 
Corporate Governance Distribution of rights and responsibilities among the primary stakeholders in a company,  in particular shareholders,  the Executive Board and the Supervisory
Board. 
Cost of sales Costs of sourcing and manufacturing products.  This figure includes costs for
raw materials plus costs of production,  freight,  customs and delivery to the adidas Group's
sales organisations. 
Credit spread Risk premium which represents the yield difference between risk-free
government bonds and corporate bonds with the same duration.  A potential investor demands
an additional yield (risk premium  credit spread) for the higher risk of default with corporate
bonds versus government bonds. 

Currency exposure Currency risks for the adidas Group are a direct result of multi-currency
cash flows within the Group.  The biggest single driver behind this risk results from the
mismatch of the currencies required for sourcing our products versus the denominations of
our sales.  In order to minimise this risk,  the adidas Group hedges itself on a regular basis. 
see also Hedging 
Currency-neutral Financial figures translated at prior-year exchange rates.  This indicates
increases or decreases to reported figures by eliminating variances arising from currency
translation,  thus reflecting the underlying business performance. 
Currency option 
Equity ratio Shows the role of shareholders' equity within the overall financing structure of a
company. 
Equity ratio  shareholders' equity / total assets. 
Equity-to-fixed-asset ratio Defines the percentage of non-current assets financed by equity. 
Equity-to-fixed-asset ratio  equity / non-current assets. 

see Option 
Current asset intensity of investments Percentage of total assets tied up in current assets. 
Current asset intensity of investments  current assets / total assets. 
Days of sales outstanding (DSO)
customers. 

Average time of receipt of outstanding payments from 
Demand-driven supply chain Management of up- and downstream relationships between
suppliers and customers to deliver the best value to the customer at the least cost to the supply
chain as a whole.  A clear focus of the concept is this alignment of the supply chain to the customers' needs,  bridging the gap between optimal customer relationship management and the
company's supply chain management
see also Supply Chain. 
Diluted Earnings Per Share (Diluted EPS) Performance indicator used to gauge a company's
earnings per share,  assuming that all stock options,  options and conversion rights related to a
convertible bond are exercised,  which would result in an increase of the number of shares outstanding. 
Diluted EPS  (net income + interest expense on convertible bonds net of tax) / (weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year + weighted share options + shares from
assumed conversion of convertible bonds). 
 & O liability insurance Directors and Officers (D & O) liability insurance.  Protects directors
and officers from liability and litigation from actions against them,  claiming wrongdoing in
connection to the company's business. 
Earnings Per Share (EPS)
EBITDA

Emerging markets Developing countries showing potential for growth in both economic
strength and private wealth in the future.  For the adidas Group,  emerging markets are the
developing countries of Asia,  Eastern Europe,  Latin America and Africa. 

see Diluted Earnings Per Share and Basic Earnings Per Share 
Fair value Amount at which assets are traded fairly between business parties.  Fair value is
often identical to market price. 
Family footwear channel Primarily North American retail distribution channel,  catering for
affordable footwear across all age groups. 
Finance lease Method of acquiring an asset that involves a lease with a special leasing
company for a specific,  non-terminable initial leasing term.  The investment risk is borne by
the lessee. 
Financial leverage Ratio reflecting the role of borrowings within the financing structure of a
company. 
Financial leverage  net total borrowings / shareholders' equity. 
Forward contract Agreement to exchange amounts of one currency for another currency at an
agreed fixed rate at a future date. 
Franchising Form of business by which the owner (franchisor) of a product,  service or method
obtains distribution through affiliated dealers (franchisees).  The franchisor offers assistance
in organising,  training,  merchandising,  marketing and managing in return for a monetary
consideration. 
Free cash flow Cash that is generated by a company's operating activities after the deduction
of capital expenditure and other cash expenses such as taxes and interest from the operating
profit. 
Free cash flow  operating profit + depreciation and amortisation (incl.  goodwill) +/– changes in
operating working capital capital expenditures +- non-operating components. 

Earnings before interest,  taxes,  depreciation and amortisation. 

Electromyography 
Technique for evaluating and recording the activation signal of muscles. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

209

German Co-Determination Act Mitbestimmungsgesetz (MitbestG).  This act governs the form
of co-determination of employees in corporations employing more than 2000 employees.  It
stipulates,  among other things,  that such a corporation's Supervisory Board must be composed
of an equal number of employees and shareholder representatives. 

Institutional investor Investors such as investment companies,  mutual funds,  brokeragesinsurance companies,  pension funds,  investment banks and endowment funds.  They are
financially sophisticated,  with a greater knowledge of investment vehicles and risks,  and have
the means to make large investments. 

Go to market All instruments,  tools and channels used to connect with consumers in order to
best fulfil their needs. 

Interest coverage Indicates the ability of a company to cover net interest expenses with
income before net interest and taxes. 
Interest coverage  income before interest and tax / interest. 

Goodwill Intangible asset that quantifies the price that a buyer of a company has paid for the
reputation,  know-how and market position of the acquired company.  Goodwill is the excess of
the amount paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired at the purchase date. 
Green grass retailers
 golf course. 

Golf distribution channel.  Small golf specialty shops typically located at 
Gross Domestic Product (GDP) Market value of all finished goods and services produced
within a country in a given period of time. 
GDP  consumption + investment + government spending + (exports − imports). 
Gross margin Gross profit as a percentage of net sales. 
Gross margin  (gross profit / net sales) × 100. 
Gross profit Difference between net sales and the cost of sales. 
Gross profit  net sales cost of sales. 
Hardware Product category which comprises sports equipment that is used rather than worn
by the athlete,  such as bags,  balls,  fitness equipment,  golf clubs and hockey sticks. 
Hedging A strategy used to minimise exposure to changes in prices,  interest rates or
exchange rates by means of derivative financial instruments (options,  swaps,  forward contractsetc. ). 
see also Natural Hedges 
Hybrid Golf clubs,  cross between a wood and an iron,  aggregating typical characteristics of
both clubs.  Often referred to as 'rescues". 
In-house bank Internally and centrally managed cash liquidity within the adidas Group
network of subsidiaries.  Organisation and implementation through the adidas Group's Treasury
department. 
Initial Public Offering (IPO)
organised market. 

First placement of a corporation's common shares on an 
Interest rate cap Option contract which places an upper limit on a floating interest rate.  The
writer of the cap is required to pay the holder of the cap the difference between the floating rate
and the reference rate when that reference rate is exceeded.  There is a premium to be paid by
the buyer of such a contract as the market price for the potential pay-out. 
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) Independent,  privately-funded cooperation
of professional associations dealing with matters of financial accounting and setting and promoting the IFRS (formerly IAS). 
International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) Accounting body which
rules on controversial accounting issues.  Its interpretations are approved by the International
Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and,  once adopted,  are binding on all International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS) users. 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Reporting standards (formerly called
IAS) which have been adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).  The
objective is to achieve uniformity and transparency in the accounting principles that are used
by businesses and other organisations for financial reporting around the world. 
Investments 
see Capital expenditure 
Joint venture A cooperation between companies involving the foundation of a new,  legally
independent business entity in which the founding companies (two or more companies) participate with equity and significant resources. 
Key accounts Wholesalers or retailers which are primary customers and account for a large
percentage of sales. 
Licensed apparel Apparel products,  which are produced and marketed under a license
agreement with a sports organisation (e.g.  FIFA,  UEFA,  IOC),  sports league (e.g.  NFL,  NBA)professional team (e.g.  Real Madrid,  AC Milan) or university (e.g.  UCLA,  Notre Dame).  If visiblethe supplier's branding is secondary. 
Licensed business For certain product categories,  independent third parties are authorised
to use the name of a brand or company to manufacture and distribute products.  For the adidas
Group,  for example,  licensed business is comprised of royalty income e.g.  for cosmeticssee also Product licensees. 
watches and eyewear at adidas and fitness equipment at Reebok 
210

Appendix 
Glossary 
Lien 
The right to take and hold or sell the asset of a debtor as security or payment for a debt. 

Lifestyle business In the sporting goods industry,  business related to sport-inspired casual
footwear and apparel.  In the adidas segment this is covered by the Sport Style division. 
Liquidity ratios I III Measures the extent to which a company can quickly liquidate assets to
cover short-term liabilities. 
Liquidity I: ( (sum of cash + short-term financial assets) / current liabilities) × 100. 
Liquidity II: ( (sum of cash + short-term financial assets + accounts receivable) / current
liabilities) × 100. 
Liquidity III: ( (sum of cash + short-term financial assets + accounts receivable + inventories)
/ current liabilities) × 100. 
Market capitalisation Total market value of all outstanding shares. 
Market capitalisation  number of outstanding shares × current market price. 
Market risk premium Extra return that the overall market or a particular stock must provide
over the risk-free rate to compensate an investor for taking a relatively higher risk. 
Market risk premium  market risk risk-free rate. 
Marketing working budget Promotion and communication spending including sponsorship
contracts with teams and individual athletes,  as well as advertising,  retail support,  events and
other communication activities,  but excluding marketing overhead expenses. 
Metalwoods Golf clubs (drivers and fairway woods) which are constructed from steel and /or
titanium alloys.  The name also pays homage to persimmon wood,  which was originally used in
the creation of these products.  This is the largest product category in terms of sales in the golf
market,  as well as for TaylorMade-adidas Golf. 
Minority interests Part of net income which is not attributable to the reporting company as
it relates to outside ownership interests in subsidiaries that are consolidated with the parent
company for financial reporting purposes. 
Moment of Inertia (MOI) Measure of an object's resistance to changes in its rotation rate.  Used
as a key measurement in the golf club business. 
Mono-branded stores adidas,  Reebok or Rockport branded stores not operated or owned
by the adidas Group but by franchise partners.  This concept is used especially in the emerging
markets,  such as China,  benefiting from local expertise of the respective franchise partners. 

Natural hedges Offset of currency risks that occurs naturally as a result of a company's
normal operations,  without the use of derivatives.  For example,  revenue received in a foreign
currency and used to pay known commitments in the same foreign currency. 
NBA (National Basketball Association) Premier professional men's basketball league in the
USA and Canada,  comprising 30 teams. 
Net borrowings Portion of gross borrowings not covered by the sum of cash and short-term
financial assets.  If a negative figure is shown,  this indicates a net cash position. 
Net borrowings  short-term borrowings + long-term borrowings cash short-term financial
assets. 
NFL (National Football League)
the USA,  comprising 32 teams. 

Premier professional men's American football league in 
NHL (National Hockey League) Premier professional men's ice hockey league in North
America,  comprising 30 teams from the USA and Canada. 
Other operating expenses Expenses which are not directly attributable to the products or
services sold.  Operating expenses are expenses for sales and marketing,  research and development,  general and administrative costs as well as depreciation of non-production assets. 
Other operating income Comprises all income from normal operations that is not already
included in other income items. 
Operating lease Method of leasing assets over periods less than the expected lifetime of those
assets.  An operating lease is accounted for by the lessee without showing an asset or a liability
on his balance sheet.  Periodic payments are accounted for by the lessee as operating expenses
for the period. 
Operating margin Operating profit as a percentage of net sales.  Measure of a company's
profitability after cost of sales and other operating expenses and income.  Best indicator of the
profitability of operating activities. 
Operating margin  (operating profit / net sales) × 100. 
Operating overheads Expenses which are not directly attributable to the products or services
sold such as costs for sales,  marketing overheads,  logistics,  research and developmentas well as general and administrative costs,  but do not include costs for promotion and
communications. 

see also Franchising 
Operating profit Profit from operating activities after cost of sales and operating expenses. 
Operating profit  gross profit + royalty and commission income + other operating
income marketing working budget operating overheads. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

211

Operating working capital Company's short-term disposable capital which is used to finance
its day-to-day business.  In comparison to working capital,  operating working capital does not
include non-operational items such as cash,  financial assets and taxes. 
Operating working capital  accounts receivable + inventories accounts payable. 
see also Working capital 
Promotional expenditure 
Expenses related to promotion partnerships. 

Proxy solicitation Process of actively contacting shareholders,  either through the company
directly or through a third-party service provider with the aim to increase participation in voting
at the Annual General Meeting. 

Option Financial instrument which ensures the right to purchase (call option) or to sell (put
option) a particular asset (e.g.  shares or foreign exchange) at a predetermined price (strike
price) on or before a specific date. 

Purchase price allocation (PPA) Stipulated by IFRS regulations.  Allocation of the purchase
price paid for an acquisition according to the fair values assigned to acquired assets and
liabilities. 

Order backlogs 
Record date Date by which a shareholder must own a company's shares in order to be able to
register for participation in the Annual General Meeting.  According to German law,  the record
date is twenty-one days before the Annual General Meeting. 

see Backlogs 
Own-retail activities Sales directly generated through a store operated by a brand segment
within the adidas Group.  Own retail includes Concept Stores (e.g.  adidas Sport PerformanceOriginals and Sport Style) and concession corners as well as factory outlets and e-commerce
for the adidas,  Reebok and Rockport brands. 
Performance business In the sporting goods industry,  business related to technical footwear
and apparel,  used primarily in doing sports. 
PGA Tour 
Major US men's professional golf tour,  featuring 49 golf tournaments. 

Price-earnings ratio (P/E) A company's share price divided by its current or future diluted
earnings per share.  The P/E ratio is used by investors as a fundamental measure of the attractiveness of a particular security versus other securities or the overall market.  It is usually
more useful to compare P/E ratios of one company to other companies in a similar industry.  In
general,  a high P/E ratio suggests that investors are expecting higher earnings growth in the
future compared to companies with a lower P/E. 
Price points Specific selling prices,  normally using 'psychological" numbers,  for example a
product price of US $ 9999 instead of US $ 100. 

Regions The adidas Group segments its worldwide business into four regions: Europe,  AsiaNorth America and Latin America.  Whereas North America and Latin America match the actual
geographical classification,  Europe also includes Africa and the Middle East,  and Asia additionally comprises the Pacific region,  i, e.  Australia and New Zealand. 
Retail investor
tional investor. 

Return on capital employed (ROCE) Measure of the returns that a company is realising from
its capital. 
ROCE  (income before taxes + financial result + extraordinary income) / (average of shareholders' equity + minority interests + total net borrowings). 
Return on equity (ROE) Indicator of company profitability related to the shareholders'
financing. 
ROE  net income / shareholders' equity. 
Risk-free rate 
Private placement Placement of debt securities directly to institutional investors,  such as
banks,  mutual funds,  insurance companies,  pension funds and foundations. 
Product licensees Companies that are authorised to use the name of a brand or company to
manufacture and distribute products.  For adidas,  these products primarily include cosmeticswatches and eyewear,  for Reebok fitness equipment and for TaylorMade-adidas Golf bags and
gloves. 
Promotion partnerships Partnerships with events,  associations,  leagues,  clubs and individual
athletes.  In exchange for the services of promoting the adidas Group,  the party is provided with
cash and /or promotional material. 

212

Appendix 
Glossary 
Individual who purchases securities for him-/herself,  as opposed to an institu
Rate of return to be expected on a risk-less investment,  e.g.  federal bonds. 

Season At the adidas Group,  we typically design and produce two major collections per year
– a Spring /Summer and a Fall / Winter collection.  Hence,  we divide our business into a Spring /
Summer and a Fall / Winter season accordingly. 
Second tier supplier Also tier-two supplier.  Supplier who provides the adidas Group with
materials and components to be used in the production of finished products,  but does not
manufacture products. 
Segment Also Business Segment.  Units within a company that have profit and loss responsibility. The adidas Group is currently divided into four major business segments: adidasReebok,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf and HQ /Consolidation. 

Segmental reporting Information regarding the financial position and results of operations
in individual brands (segments) and regions.  This gives an indication of developments in the
individual segments and their contribution to the Group's results. 
Sell-through
consumer. 

An indicator of how fast retailers are selling a particular product to the 
Shareholder value A management concept that focuses strategic and operational decisionmaking on steadily increasing a company's value for shareholders. 
Shop-in-shop adidas,  Reebok or Rockport area within a larger store.  The concept may be
operated by the store or the adidas Group depending on individual arrangements.  The goal of
this distribution method is to give consumers a similar experience to an own-retail environmentalbeit on a smaller scale. 
Signature collection
top athlete. 

Synergies Additional savings or revenue growth when one combined enterprise is created
from two or more separate parts. 
Tax rate Indicates the tax rate paid by a company.  Calculated by dividing taxes by income
before taxes. 
Top-down,  bottom-up Specific concept for information and knowledge processing.  Information
and empowerment of management decisions is delegated from top to bottom in a first step. 
After going into more detail on the bottom level,  the final information /decision is transported
back to the top. 
VOC (Volatile Organic Compounds) Solvents that can cause breathing and health problems. 
VOCs are by-products of the shoe manufacturing process.  Due to health concerns,  the adidas
Group has set a clear goal to steadily reduce the usage of these compounds in the production
process. 

Product collection which carries the name and /or visuals relating to a 
Sourcing Process of managing external suppliers in order to commercialise,  produce and
deliver final products to customers. 
Sporting goods channel Sports retail store,  offering a very broad product range,  which usually
covers apparel,  footwear and hardware in a wide range of sports categories.  Compared to sport
specialty shops,  stores are bigger with approx.  40000 to 50000 square feet. 
Sport specialty Retail shop,  specialising in sports products only and offering a very deep
product range (often in a limited number of sports categories) rather than a broad one.  The size
of these shops is typically about 2500 to 10000 square feet. 
Stakeholders All parties that have a direct or indirect interest in a company's performance
and results.  For the adidas Group,  this includes credit providers,  shareholders,  consumersretailers,  distributors,  licensees,  supply chain business partners,  employees,  international
sports bodies,  non-governmental organisations,  the media,  etc. 

Weighted average cost of capital Calculation of the cost of capital according to the debt /equity
structure,  utilising a weighted average cost of capital (WACC) formula.  The cost of equity is typically computed utilising a risk-free rate,  market risk premium and a beta factor.  The cost of debt
see also Beta Factor
is calculated through the risk-free rate,  credit spread and average tax rate
and Market Risk Premium. 
Working capital A company's short-term disposable capital used to finance the day-to-day
operations. 
Working capital  total current assets total current liabilities. 
see also Operating Working Capital 
Working capital turnover Shows how often a working capital item was used in and replaced by
the generation of sales in the period under review.  The ratio shows how long working capital is
tied up and thus is an indicator of the volume of capital needed to generate sales.  The higher the
ratio,  the more positive it is deemed to be. 
Working capital turnover  net sales / working capital. 

Supply chain Refers to the system and organisation from product sourcing through to end
customer delivery. 
Swaps A derivative in which two counterparties agree to exchange one stream of cash flows
against another stream. 

adidas Group 
Annual Report 2008

213

Index 

Acquisition 099,  105 f. 
American Depositary Receipts (ADR) 039,  206
Annual General Meeting 028,  038,  040 f.,  096 ff. 
Assets 091

Backlogs 122 ff. 
Balance Sheet 090 ff.,  152
Bonds 094
Borrowings 090 ff. 
Brand Portfolio Inside Front Cover
Brand Tree 045
Business Performance
— adidas Group 080 ff. 
— Brand Segments 099 ff. 

Campaigns 128 ff. 
Capital Expenditure 092,  124
Cash 090 ff. 
Cash Flow Statement 092 ff. 
Consolidated Financial Statements 152 ff. 
Compensation
— Report 030 ff. 
— Executive Board 030 ff. 
— Supervisory Board 033
— Employees 070 ff. 
Convertible Bond 040,  093 ff.,  170 f. 
Controlled Space 055
Corporate Governance Report 026 ff. 
Cost of Capital (WACC) 060,  160 ff. 
Cost of Sales 084
Currency 093 ff.,  114 ff. 

Declaration of Compliance 024
Derivative Financial Instruments 158 f. 
Diluted Earnings per Share 089,  153,  181
Dividend 038,  040,  125,  179 f. 

Earnings per Share 028,  038,  040 f. 
Economic and Sector Development 080 f. 
Employees 070 ff. 
Equity 090 ff.,  176,  179 f. 
— Statement of Changes in Equity 180
Exchange Rates 081,  115 f.,  158
Executive Board 018 ff. 

214

Appendix 
Index 

Financial Calendar 2009 Inside Back Cover
Financial Expenses 088,  188
Financial Highlights Inside Front Cover
Financial Instruments 114 ff.,  182 ff. 
Financial Leverage 095
Financing Structure 095
Fixed Assets 197
Free Cash Flow 058 ff. 

Global Operations 064 ff. 
Glossary 208
Goodwill 160 f.,  169,  196
Gross Margin 059 ff.,  080 ff.,  099 ff. 
Group Management Report 044 ff. 

Hedging 095,  116 ff. 
Human Resources 070 ff. 

Income Before Taxes 088
Income Statement 082 ff.,  152 ff.,  186 ff. 
Independent Auditor's Report 151
Internal Group Management System 058 ff. 
Interest Rate 094 ff.,  116
Interview with the CEO 012 ff. 
Inventories 090 f.,  159
Investments 092,  124
Investor Relations 041

Leases 091,  160
Liquidity 093 ff.,  115 f.,  125
Locations 062,  075

Major Locations and Promotion Partnerships 062
Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) 193
Market Capitalisation 038 ff. 
Marketing Working Budget 085 f.,  187
Mission Statement 044

Net Income Attributable to Shareholders 089,  206
Non-Balance Sheet Items 091
Notes 157 ff. 


Operating Expenses 085 ff.,  101 ff. 
Operating Margin 058 ff.,  080,  087 f.,  099 ff. 
Operating Working Capital 058 ff. 
Operational and Sporting Highlights 2008 034
Opportunity Report 107 ff. 
Outlook 120 ff. 
Own-Retail Activities 049,  091 f.,  103

Pensions 031 f.,  162,  173
Profit and Loss Statement 080 ff.,  184 ff. 
Products and Campaigns 128 ff. 
Product Launches 076 f.  124,  128 ff. 
Promotion Partnerships 062,  113
Provisions 161 ff.,  172

Recognised Income and Expense Statement 156
Research and Development 074 ff. 
Responsibility Statement 150
Risk Report 107 ff. 
Royalty and Commission Income 084,  100,  104

Segmental Reporting 191
Share Price Performance 038 ff. 
Shareholder Structure 041
Shareholders' Equity 091,  152,  176 ff. 
Shareholdings 198 ff. 
Sourcing 062 ff. 
Structure and Strategy
— adidas Group 046 f. 
— Brand Segments 048 ff. 
Subsequent Events 120 ff. 
Supervisory Board
— Report 020 ff. 
— Committees 023 f. 
— Members 025
Supply Chain 064 ff. 
Sustainability 067 ff. 

Targets Inside Front Cover
Taxes 189 ff. 
Ten-Year Overview 204 ff. 
Treasury 093 ff. 

Financial Calendar 2009
March 4,  2009
2008 Full Year Results
Analyst and press conferences in Herzogenaurach,  Germany
Press release,  conference call and webcast 
May 5,  2009
First Quarter 2009 Results
Press release,  conference call and webcast 
May 7,  2009
Annual General Meeting in Fürth/Bavaria,  Germany
Webcast 
May 8,  2009
Dividend paid
(Subject to Annual General Meeting approval)

August 5,  2009
First Half 2009 Results
Press release,  conference call and webcast 
November 4,  2009
Nine Months 2009 Results
Press release,  conference call and webcast 
Contact 
adidas AG
Adi-Dassler-Str.  1
91074 Herzogenaurach
Germany
Tel: + 49 (0) 91 32 84 0
Fax: + 49 (0) 91 32 84 22 41
www, adidas-Group, com 
Investor Relations
Tel: + 49 (0) 91 32 84 29 20 / 21 87
Fax: + 49 (0) 91 32 84 31 27
email: investor, relations[at]adidas-Group, com
www, adidas-Group, com / investors
adidas Group is a member of DAI (German Share Institute)DIRK (German Investor Relations Association) and NIRI
(National Investor Relations Institute,  USA). 
This report is also available in German. 
For further adidas Group publicationsplease see our corporate website. 

Concept and Design
häfelinger + wagner design,  Munich 
didas 
 the a
ark o
as AG
adem
 adid gistered tr
©200
 re
 is
adida 
Group 

