MAKE A
DIFFERENCE
adidas Group
Annual Report 
2014

TARGETS RESULTS OUTLOOK
Results 2014 1) 2)

Targets 2014

Outlook 2015 1)

Currency-neutral sales development:

Currency-neutral sales development:

Currency-neutral sales development:

adidas Group
increase at a 
adidas Group
increase of 
adidas Group
increase at a 
high-single-digit rate 
6%

mid-single-digit rate 
Group sales of 
€ 14534 billion
Gross margin 
Gross margin 
Gross margin 
495% 498%

476%

475 % 485 %

Operating margin 
Operating margin 
Operating margin 
85% 90%

66%

65% 70%

Average operating working capital
(in % of sales)

Average operating working capital
(in % of sales)

Average operating working capital
(in % of sales)

moderate decline expected 
224%

moderate decline 
Capital expenditure 
Capital expenditure 
Capital expenditure 
€ 500 million € 550 million 
€ 554 million 
around € 600 million 
Gross borrowings 
Gross borrowings 
Gross borrowings 
further reduction 
€ 1873 billion 
moderate decline 
Net borrowings/EBITDA ratio 
Net borrowings/EBITDA ratio 
Net borrowings/EBITDA ratio 
to be maintained below 2

01

to be maintained below 2

Net income attributable to shareholders 
Net income attributable to shareholders
decreases 32% to 
Net income from continuing operations
increase at a rate of 
€ 830 million € 930 million 
€ 568 million 3)

7% 10%

Earnings per share decrease 32% to 
€ 272 3)
Shareholder value 
adidas AG share price decreases 
Shareholder value 
further increase 
38 %

increase 
Dividend per share 
€ 150 4)
1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the Rockport business. 
2) Excluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million
3) Includes continuing and discontinued operations. 
4) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 

FIN A NCI A L HIGHL IGH T S
 0 14
01 /

Financial Highlights (IFRS)
2014

2013

Change 
14534

14203

23%

1283

1496

(143%)

Operating profit 1) 3) 4)

961

1233

(221%)

Net income attributable to shareholders 2) 3) 4)

568

839

(322%)

476%

493%

(17pp)

Operating Highlights (€ in millions)
Net sales 1)
EBITDA 1)

Key Ratios
Gross margin 1)
sales 1)

427%

423%

03pp 
Operating margin 1) 3) 4)

66%

87%

(21pp)

Effective tax rate 1) 3) 4)

297%

292%

05pp 
39%

59%

(20pp)

Average operating working capital in % of net sales 1)

224%

213%

10pp 
Equity ratio 
453%

473%

(20pp)

Operating expenses in % of net 
Net income attributable to shareholders in % of net sales 2) 3) 4)

Net borrowings/EBITDA 1)

01

(02)

n, a. 

Financial leverage 
33%

(54%)

87pp 
Return on equity 2)

87%

143%

(56pp)

Total assets 
12417

11599

71%

Inventories 
2526

2634

(41%)

Receivables and other current assets 
2861

2583

108%

Working capital 
2970

2125

397%

Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Data (€ in millions)

Net cash/(net borrowings)

(185)

295

n, a. 

Shareholders' equity 
5624

5489

25%

Capital expenditure 
554

479

155%

Net cash generated from operating activities 2)

701

634

105%

Basic earnings 2) 3) 4)

272

401

(321%)

Diluted earnings 2) 3) 4)

272

401

(321%)

Net cash generated from operating activities 2)

336

303

107%

Dividend 
150 5)

Per Share of Common Stock (€)

Share price at year-end 
5762

150

–

9264

(378%)

Other (at year-end)
Number of employees 1)

53731

49808

79%

Number of shares outstanding 
204327044

209216186

(23%)

Average number of shares 
208776457

209216186

(02%)

1) 2014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the Rockport business. 
2) Includes continuing and discontinued operations. 
3) 2014 excluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million. 
4) 2013 excluding goodwill impairment of € 52 million. 
5) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 

OUR BRANDS

ADIDAS

IS



TRULY GLOBAL BRAND
GERMAN ROOTS

WITH

TaylorMade
TaylorMade leads the golf industry in metalwood sales and is the
number one driver brand on the world's six major professional golf
tours.  The brand is recognised globally for its capacity to develop
innovative and performance-enhancing technologies for driversfairway woods,  hybrids,  irons,  putters and balls. 

adidas Sport Performance
The guiding principle of adidas Sport Performance is to make
athletes better.  The main focus is on five key categories: footballrunning,  basketball,  training and outdoor. 

adidas Golf
adidas Golf develops high-performance golf footwear and apparel
for active,  serious,  athletic-minded golfers seeking products to
elevate their game. 

adidas Originals & Sport Style
adidas Originals: adidas Originals is the authentic,  iconic
sportswear label for the street.  adidas Sport Style: adidas Sport
Style includes the labels adidas NEO,  Y-3 and Porsche Design Sport
by adidas. 

Adams Golf
Adams Golf designs and produces easy-to-hit equipment that
makes playing the game more enjoyable for golfers of all skill
levels.  The brand ranks as the number one hybrid brand on the
world's major professional golf tours. 

Five Ten
Five Ten,  the 'Brand of the Brave',  is a leader in performancehigh-friction footwear.  From downhill mountain bike racing to rock
climbing,  from wingsuit flying to kayaking,  Five Ten makes footwear
for the world's most dangerous sports. 

Ashworth
Ashworth is an authentic golf apparel and footwear brand with
powerful name recognition among true,  authentic golfers,  offering
products that move effortlessly from the golf course to the
clubhouse and beyond. 

Reebok is an American-inspired sports brand with the clear
objective to become the leading fitness brand in the world. 
Understanding and embracing the multi-facets and lifestyle
potential of fitness,  Reebok provides consumers with innovative
products,  experiences and inspirations.  Its strong roots and history
in fitness allow Reebok to empower consumers to be fit for life. 

Reebok-CCM Hockey is a leading designer and marketer of ice
hockey equipment and apparel,  with two of the world's most
recognised ice hockey brand names: Reebok Hockey and CCM

For more information
on our brands:

WWW. ADIDAS-GROUP. COM

MAKE A
DIFFERENCE
adidas Group
Annual Report 
2014

SPORT,  T H E Y M A K E A D I F F E R E N C E :
FRACTIONS OF A SECOND.  ONLY A FEW CENTIMETRES. 
 COUPLE OF GRAMS. 
 O ATHLETES,  T H E Y M A K E A D I F F E R E N C E :
IN

our groundbreaking 
INNOVATIONS
EX P ERIENCE
PAS SION
 MBITION

Our decades of 
Our unique 
Our overwhelming 
Sport has many facets and countless faces.  Every sports enthusiast has his or her own ambitionevery athlete has a different form of motivation.  We help them all to achieve
their very own individual goals,  to feel good,  to win,  and to experience and harness
the power of sport so they can make a difference. 
 AY A F T E R D AY.  A G A I N A N D A G A I N.  E V E R Y W H E R E. 

MAKE A
 I F F E R E N C E

–

/ Content 
/

adidas Group
Annual Report 
 0 14

–

01	 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
011
012
013
014
015
016
017

Let ter from the CEO	
 x e c u t i v e B o a r d	
Super v isor y Board	
Super v isor y Board Repor t	
Cor por ate Gover nance Repor t including
the Decl ar ation on Cor por ate Gover nance	
 o m p e n s a t i o n R e p o r t	
 u r S h a r e	


10
12
14
20
28
38

 2 	 O U R G R O U P

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

021
022
023
024
025
026
027
028

Group Str ateg y	
46
Global Sales Str ategy 	
49
 l o b a l B r a n d s S t r a t e g y	
53
 ther Businesses Str ateg y	
60
 l o b a l O p e r a t i o n s	
66
Research and Development	
73
Employees	82
 u s t a i n a b i l i t y	 8 9

 R O U P M A N A G E M E N T R E P O R T:
This report contains the Group Management Report of the adidas Groupcomprising adidas AG and its consolidated subsidiaries,  and the
Management Report of adidas AG. 

/ Content 
/

 3 	 F I N A N C I A L R E V I E W
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

031
032

033

034

035

036

 n t e r n a l G r o u p M a n a g e m e n t S y s t e m	
98
Group Business Per for mance	
10 3
  Economic and Sector Development	 1 0 3
  Income Statement	 1 0 6
  Statement of Financial Position and Statement of Cash Flows	1 1 5
 Treasury	 1 2 1
  Financial Statements and Management Report of adidas AG	1 2 7
 Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 and § 289 Section 4 of the German Commercial Code	 1 3 1
Business Per for mance by Segment	
13 6
  Wholesale Business Performance	 1 3 6
  Retail Business Performance 	 1 3 9
  Other Businesses Performance	 1 4 3
Subsequent Event s and Outlook	
14 6
  Subsequent Events	 1 4 6
 Outlook	1 4 6
 i s k a n d O p p o r t u n i t y R e p o r t	
15 4
  Strategic Risks	 1 6 3
  Operational Risks	 1 6 5
  Legal & Compliance Risks	1 7 0
  Financial Risks	 1 7 1
  Strategic and Operational Opportunities	1 7 8
  Financial Opportunities	1 8 0
Management A ssessment of Per formance­
Risks and Oppor tunities,  and Outlook	
18 1

04	 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
041
042
043
044
045
046
047
048

049
0410

 e s p o n s i b i l i t y S t a t e m e n t	
18 6
 u d i t o r 's R e p o r t 	
18 7
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position	
18 8
 o n s o l i d a t e d I n c o m e S t a t e m e n t	
19 0
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensi ve Income	
19 1
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equit y	
19 2
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow s	
194
 o t e s 	19 5
  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position	 2 0 7
  Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement	2 3 4
  Notes Additional Information	 2 3 9
 t a t e m e n t o f M o v e m e n t s o f I n t a n g i b l e a n d Ta n g i b l e A s s e t s 	
246
 h a r e h o l d i n g s	 2 4 8

05	 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
051
052
053
054

Te n Ye a r O v e r v i e w 	
254
Gloss ar y	25 8
Decl ar ation of Suppor t	
 61
Financial Calendar	
262

  TO OUR SH A REHOLDERS 

01

TO OUR

SHAREHOLDERS
011
012
013
014
015
016
017

Let ter from the CEO	
 xecuti ve Board	
Super v isor y Board	
Super v isor y Board Repor t	
Cor por ate Gover nance Repor t including
the Decl ar ation on Cor por ate Gover nance	
 o m p e n s a t i o n R e p o r t	
Our Share	


10
12
14
20
28
38



To Our Shareholders
Letter from the CEO

/ 011 
/

Letter from the CEO

 e r b e r t H ain e r
ADIDAS GROUP CEO

20

14



2014 was,  without any question,  a year of ups and downs for our Group.  On the one hand,  we look back on
great moments such as the FIFA World Cup where we once again demonstrated what we are capable of
when we focus and act with determination.  We grew our currency-neutral football sales by more than 20%
to € 21 billion,  exceeding even our own high expectations.  But football was by no means the only highlight
of the past year.  We also recorded numerous other successes:

/  revolutionary Boost technology not only gave significant impetus to runners on the streets but also
Our
to adidas Running,  with sales growth in this category totalling 15%.  All our regions contributed to the
increase,  with Western Europe a stand-out performer,  recording growth of 22%. 
/  lifestyle business returned to strength in 2014,  increasing 12%.  At adidas Originals,  we posted
Our
improvements from one quarter to the next,  which culminated in strong double-digit sales growth in the
fourth quarter.  This increase reflects the success of the ZX Flux and the Stan Smith product franchise
as well as our first product launches as part of our partnerships with Rita Ora and Pharrell Williams,  to
name just a few.  Also our NEO business continues to experience dynamic growth,  with sales up 27%. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
To Our Shareholders
Letter from the CEO

/ 011 
/

/ 
Reebok sales grew 5% in total in 2014.  During the fourth quarter,  Reebok recorded its seventh
consecutive quarter of growth.  The 21% increase in the training category impressively underlines
Reebok's positioning as THE fitness brand. 
In addition to these positive developments,  the overall performance of the adidas brand underlines the
strong improvement in our competitive position over the course of the year.  adidas sales for the full
year increased 11%,  with double-digit growth rates throughout the year,  with the exception of the first
quarter.  This shows that our sales dynamics are right,  and the momentum of our core brands is fully
intact. 
At the same time,  however,  2014 also brought major disappointments.  Mid-way through the year,  in
light of the various challenges we were facing,  we recognised that we wouldn't be able to achieve our
original goals for 2014.  It never feels good to miss the mark,  neither in sport nor in business.  But it's
all the more painful when this is brought about not only by external circumstances that we cannot
influence but also by executional mistakes on our part.  So let me go into more detail on the various
factors that resulted in not meeting your and our high expectations last year. 

Russia,  on the other hand,  is a totally different story.  Here,  we are the victims of our own success. 
Being the clear market leader,  we have been particularly impacted by the economic downturndeteriorating consumer sentiment and the highly promotional environment in Russia.  However,  that
does not alter the fact that Russia will remain a growth market for the adidas Group in the long term. 
And I am convinced that our perseverance will pay off.  We have used the crisis as an opportunityincreasing our operational flexibility,  significantly reducing the number of net store openings and
further optimising our cost structure.  With these initiatives,  we aim to safeguard our profitability in this
key market to the greatest extent possible and create optimal foundations for sustainable,  profitable
growth. 
On top of this,  we have been severely impacted by the significant devaluation of the rouble and other
emerging market currencies.  Negative currency effects wiped more than € 550 million off our top
line last year.  In addition,  unfavourable hedging rates negatively impacted the Group's gross margin
by 60 basis points.  But none of this changes our underlying strength in the developing economies in
general and our excellent market position in Russia in particular. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14


20

As far as our golf business is concerned,  we misjudged the market situation at the beginning of
the year.  A decline in the number of active players as well as high levels and slow liquidation of
old inventories caused immense problems in the entire industry,  and as market leader this hit us
particularly hard.  However,  we reacted decisively to these challenges,  taking a leading role in the
clean-up of excess inventories in the golf market.  At the same time,  we implemented an extensive
restructuring programme which has involved the closure of one of our facilities in the USA and a 15%
reduction in the global TaylorMade-adidas Golf workforce.  Building on these significantly healthier
foundations,  and thanks to numerous promising product launches,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf will be back
on track for growth and profitability this year. 

To Our Shareholders
Letter from the CEO

/ 011 
/

For me,  one thing is certain: true champions come out and show their worth after defeat.  Only those
who analyse their mistakes,  learn from them and work intensively on their own weaknesses have
what it takes to be true champions.  While the full results of our work over the last months will only
become visible over time,  I am proud of how hard our organisation and our employees have worked
on themselves in the past few months in order to take up the fight for gold.  As a result of our fast and
decisive action,  we have reached a first milestone,  achieving our updated top- and bottom-line goals
for last year,  and now we are looking confidently out onto 2015. 

20

14



We are also profiting from the progress we have made since the introduction of our 'Route 2015'. 
Only those who set themselves ambitious goals are in a position to continuously improve.  Against this
background,  in 2010,  we created and presented to you our ambitious strategic business plan.  And
even though we will not achieve our sales and earnings targets this year,  the adidas Group today is
significantly stronger and better positioned than at the start of our Route 2015 journey.  Two examples:
we know that our brands and products resonate best with the consumer when we are able to present
them in exactly the way we envisage.  That is why we set ourselves the goal of generating 45% of our
revenues from controlled space initiatives by 2015.  We have made great progress in this respect over
the past few years and today we are already generating more than 50% of our sales from controlled
space initiatives.  In addition,  we have multiplied our eCommerce business over the last couple
of years and we will over-achieve the targeted online sales level of € 500 million in 2015.  We will
continuously build on these successes and,  with the help of our Concepts-to-Consumer team,  which
we strengthened with valuable expertise last year,  we will further enhance the consumer shopping
experience and the consistency of our messaging across all distribution channels. 
This,  by the way,  is a key characteristic that will increasingly distinguish us in future: our focus is on
consumers and the brand experiences we create for them.  In order to live up to this claim to the best
possible extent,  my Board colleagues Eric Liedtke and Roland Auschel have completed the realignment
of our marketing and sales activities accordingly.  As part of our 'brand leadership' initiative,  the
categories now for the first time have full end-to-end responsibility for all marketing processes.  This
massive shift in tactics will make us significantly more agile,  enabling us to drive our brand initiatives
in the marketplace more professionally and to bring our concepts to the consumer in a more effective
way.  We know that consumers today use several different channels simultaneously,  and because
consistent messaging across all these channels is crucial for enhancement of the consumer shopping
experience we have also realigned our sales strategy.  Thanks to our omni-channel approach,  we will
integrate all sales channels and marketing activation activities,  utilise cross-selling opportunities and
align pricing across all channels.  As part of initial pilot projects,  we have given consumers in some
markets the option to order online and then pick up their products in a store.  First feedback on our
'click and collect' offer is very encouraging.  Therefore we will continue to invest in infrastructure and
processes that will enable us to implement the omni-channel approach globally. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
To Our Shareholders
Letter from the CEO

/ 011 
/

 top priority for the entire senior management team in 2015 will be the North American market. 
Our new leadership team there,  all high-calibre experts with Mark King,  an American-born industry
veteran,  at the helm,  will focus on increasing the relevance of our brands among US consumers.  The
brand campaigns that we launched for adidas and Reebok since the start of the year,  with a clear focus
on the US market,  are a key step in this direction.  They impressively underline our ambitions and make
it clear that adidas and Reebok know and understand athletes' motivations better than any other sports
brand in the world another important cornerstone is the development of the right products for the
US market.  The addition of new external talent in design and the opening of our design studio in New
York will leave a clear and lasting mark on our efforts in this context.  In addition,  we need to make
our brands more visible on the playing fields of sports that young American athletes love: basketballAmerican football and baseball,  just to name a few.  In this context,  we will not only focus on growing
our already strong portfolio in professional sports but will also significantly increase our visibility in
college sports and at the grassroots level.  At the same time,  we aim to enhance our execution at the
point of sale.  Here too,  we will significantly improve our brand presence and the presentation of our
products. 

HE R B ERT H A I NER
adidas Group CEO

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14


20

To close,  allow me to say that we have everything it takes to be successful going forward: our brands
are enjoying great momentum,  our product pipeline is full,  and our campaigns will make our brands
even more desirable.  We know what our priorities are,  we have drawn up our plan accordingly and we
will now work in a consistent,  resolute and bold way to implement it.  At the same time,  we will remain
vigilant,  in order to be able to react quickly and resolutely to any changes in the market environment. 
The roadmap for the future is clear.  We will significantly improve our business and grow our top
and bottom line in 2015.  But that's only just the beginning.  At the end of March we will present our
long-term strategy for the period up to 2020.  Of course I cannot report on the contents of this strategy
today.  But I can already assure you of one thing: the adidas Group is and will remain a growth companyfounded on strong brands.  And with this,  we will continue to make a difference going forward. 



To Our Shareholders
Executive Board 
/ 012 
/

Executive Board
Our Executive Board is comprised of five members.  Each Board member is
responsible for at least one major function within the Group. 

Her ber t Hainer
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Herbert Hainer was born in Dingolfing,  Germany,  in 1954.  Following
his business studies,  he spent eight years with Procter & Gamble
in various sales and marketing positions.  Herbert Hainer joined
adidas Germany in 1987 and has held numerous management
positions within the Group,  including Managing Director Germany
and Senior Vice President for Sales and Logistics in Europe,  Africa
and the Middle East.  Herbert Hainer joined the Executive Board in
1997 and became CEO of adidas AG in 2001.  He is married,  has two
daughters and lives in Herzogenaurach,  Germany. 
Herbert Hainer is also:
/   eputy Chairman of the Supervisory BoardD
FC Bayern München AG,  Munich,  Germany
/   ember of the Supervisory BoardM
Allianz Deutschland AG,  Munich,  Germany
/   ember of the Supervisory BoardM
Deutsche Lufthansa AG,  Cologne,  Germany
20

14

10

Robin J.  S t al ker
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Robin J.  Stalker was born in Palmerston North,  New Zealand,  in
1958.  In 1982,  following his degree in business studies,  he began
his professional career and qualified as a Chartered Accountant. 
He worked for Arthur Young in New Zealand and London and
subsequently held financial and controlling positions in the
entertainment industry,  including United International Pictures and
Warner Bros.  International,  and also worked as an independent
consultant.  Robin J.  Stalker joined adidas AG in 1996.  Since
February 2000,  he has been Chief Financial Officer of adidas AG
and was appointed to the Executive Board,  responsible for Financein 2001.  In 2005,  he assumed additional responsibility as Labour
Director.  Robin J.  Stalker is married and lives near HerzogenaurachGermany. 
	
Robin J.  Stalker is also:
/ ember of the Supervisory BoardM
Schaeffler AG,  Herzogenaurach,  Germany 
FOR MORE INFORMATION ON THE
ADIDAS GROUP'S EXECUTIVE BOARD:

WWW. ADIDAS-GROUP. COM   EXECUTIVE-BOARD

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
To Our Shareholders
Executive Board 
/ 012 
/

Rol and A us chel
GLOBAL SALES

Roland Auschel was born in Bad Waldsee,  Germany,  in 1963. 
After obtaining his Bachelor's degree in European business
studies in Germany and the UK as well as an MBA in the United
States,  he joined the adidas team as a Strategic Planner in 1989. 
During his career with the adidas Group,  he has held many senior
management positions,  including Business Unit Manager,  Key
Account Manager Europe and Head of Region Europe,  Middle East
and Africa.  In 2009,  he became Chief Sales Officer Multichannel
Markets.  In 2013,  Roland Auschel was appointed to the Executive
Board where he assumed responsibility for Global Sales.  He is
married,  has two children and lives in Erlangen,  Germany. 

Gl enn B enne t t
GLOBAL OPERATIONS

Er ic L ie d t ke  1)
GLOBAL BRANDS

Eric Liedtke was born in Dayton/Ohio,  USA,  in 1966.  After obtaining
his Bachelor's degree in journalism,  he started his career at
DMB&B Advertising in the USA.  He joined the adidas Group in 1994
as Global Line Manager for Cross Training in Portland/Oregon. 
During his 20-year career with adidas,  Eric Liedtke has held various
senior management positions at adidas America,  including Director
of Footwear Marketing and Vice President Brand Marketing.  In
2006,  he moved to the adidas Group headquarters in Germany.  In
2011,  he became Senior Vice President adidas Sport Performanceresponsible for all adidas sports categories globally.  He was
appointed to the Executive Board in 2014,  where he assumed
responsibility for Global Brands.  Eric Liedtke lives in NurembergGermany. 
1)  ppointed to the Executive Board effective March 6,  2014.  Eric Liedtke succeeded Erich

Stamminger who was responsible for Global Brands until March 5,  2014. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

11
20

Glenn Bennett was born in New Hampshire,  USA,  in 1963.  With a
degree in computer science,  he began his professional career with
Reebok International Ltd.  in 1983,  where he worked for ten years
in various operations and product functions,  of which the latest
was Director of Footwear Development.  In 1993,  Glenn Bennett
joined adidas AG and began working as the Head of Worldwide
Footwear Development.  He was promoted to Senior Vice President
of Footwear Operations a few months later.  In 1997,  Glenn
Bennett was appointed to the Executive Board where he assumed
responsibility for all Footwear,  Apparel and Accessories & Gear
Operations activities shortly thereafter.  Glenn Bennett lives in
Boston/Massachusetts,  USA. 



To Our Shareholders
Supervisory Board 
/ 013 
/

Supervisory Board 
Igor L andau 
 abine B auer *

 il l i S ch w er d t l e 
 H A I R M A N  1)

 E P U T Y C H A I R W O M A N  1)

 E P U T Y C H A I R M A N  1)

residing in Lugano,  Switzerland
Pensioner,  Member of the Board of DirectorsSanofi-Aventis S. A.,  Paris,  France 
residing in Erlangen,  Germany
Chairwoman of the Central Works Counciladidas AG

residing in Munich,  Germany
Independent Management Consultant/PartnerWP Force Solutions GmbH,  Bad Homburg v.  d.  HöheGermany 
/ ember of the Supervisory Board,  Allianz SEM
Munich,  Germany 2)
/ ember of the Board of DirectorsM

­ anofi-Aventis S. A.,  Paris,  France 
/ ember of the Supervisory Board,  Eckes AGM
Nieder-Olm,  Germany 
20

14

12

Die t er Hauens t ein*

Dr.  Wolf gang J äger *

Dr.  S t e f an Jen t z s ch 
residing in Herzogenaurach,  Germany
Full-time member of the Works Council

­ erzogenaurach,  adidas AG 3)

residing in Bochum,  Germany
Managing Director in charge of Public Relations
and Scholarships,  Hans-Böckler-StiftungDüsseldorf,  Germany 
residing in London,  Great Britain
Corporate Finance Consultant/Partner,  Perella

­ einberg Partners UK LLP,  London,  Great Britain 
Her b er t K au f f mann 
 a t ja K r aus   4 )

 a t hr in Menge s   4 )

residing in Stuttgart,  Germany
Independent Management Consultant,  StuttgartGermany 
residing in Hamburg,  Germany
Managing Partner,  Jung von Matt/sports GmbHHamburg,  Germany 
residing in Neuss,  Germany
Executive Vice President Human Resources and
Infrastructure Services,  Henkel AG & Co.  KGaA­Düsseldorf,  Germany 
/ 
Chairman of the Supervisory BoardUniscon universal identity control GmbHMunich,  Germany
/   ember of the Supervisory Board,  DEUTZ AGM
Cologne,  Germany 
/ ember of the Supervisory BoardM
Sky Deutschland AG,  Unterföhring,  Germany
/ 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory BoardAIL Leasing München AG,  Grünwald,  Germany 
Mandates within the Henkel Group
/ ember of the Supervisory Board,  Henkel

Central Eastern Europe GmbH,  Vienna,  Austria
/ ember of the Supervisory Board,  Henkel

Nederland B. V.,  Nieuwegein,  The Netherlands
/ ember of the Board of DirectorsM
Henkel Norden AB,  Stockholm,  Sweden
/ ember of the Board of DirectorsM
Henkel Norden Oy,  Vantaa,  Finland
/ ember of the Board of DirectorsM
Henkel of America,  Inc.,  Wilmington,  USA

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
To Our Shareholders
Supervisory Board 
/ 013 
/

Rol and No sko*

Hans Rupr e ch t *

Heidi T hal er-Veh*

residing in Wolnzach,  Germany
Trade Union Official,  IG BCE,  Headquarter

­ uremberg,  Nuremberg,  Germany 
residing in Herzogenaurach,  Germany
Sales Director Customer Service Central Europe
West,  adidas AG

residing in Uffenheim,  Germany
Member of the Central Works Council,  adidas AG

/ 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory BoardCeramTec GmbH,  Plochingen,  Germany 
 U P E R V I S O R Y B O A R D M E M B E R S IN C U M B E N T U N T I L T H E E N D O F T H E
 N N U A L G E N E R A L M E E T IN G O N M AY 8,  2 0 14

residing in Lungern,  Switzerland
Former Member of the Executive Board
of adidas AG

 TA N D IN G C O M M I T T E E S A S O F M AY 8,  2 0 14
/
Steering Committee    Igor Landau (Chairman),  Sabine Bauer*,  Willi Schwerdtle
/
General Committee    Igor Landau (Chairman),  Sabine Bauer*,  Roland Nosko*,  Willi Schwerdtle
/
Audit Committee    Herbert Kauffmann (Chairman),  Dr.  Wolfgang Jäger*,  Dr.  Stefan Jentzsch,  Hans Ruprecht*
/
Nomination Committee    Igor Landau (Chairman),  Kathrin Menges,  Willi Schwerdtle
/
Mediation Committee pursuant to § 27 section 3 Co-Determination Act (MitbestG)    Igor Landau,  Sabine Bauer*,  Willi SchwerdtleHeidi Thaler-Veh*
/
Finance and Investment Committee (as of September 25,  2014)    Igor Landau,  Sabine Bauer*,  Dr.  Wolfgang Jäger*,  Herbert Kauffmann 
 TA N D IN G C O M M I T T E E S U N T IL M AY 8,  2 0 14
/
Steering Committee    Igor Landau (Chairman),  Sabine Bauer*,  Willi Schwerdtle
/
General Committee    Igor Landau (Chairman),  Sabine Bauer*,  Roland Nosko*,  Willi Schwerdtle
/
Audit Committee    Herbert Kauffmann (Chairman),  Dr.  Wolfgang Jäger*,  Dr.  Stefan Jentzsch,  Hans Ruprecht*
/
Nomination Committee    Igor Landau (Chairman),  Willi Schwerdtle,  Christian Tourres
/
Mediation Committee pursuant to § 27 section 3 Co-Determination Act (MitbestG)    Igor Landau,  Sabine Bauer*,  Willi SchwerdtleHeidi Thaler-Veh*

* Employee representative. 
1) Re-elected at the constituent meeting of the Supervisory Board on May 8,  2014. 
2) Until May 7,  2014. 
3) Since April 4,  2014; formerly Deputy Chairman of the Works Council Herzogenaurach. 
4) Since the end of the Annual General Meeting held on May 8,  2014. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
13
14

Chr is t ian Tour r e s 
residing in Moscow,  Russia
Chairman,  RFSO 'Lokomotiv'Moscow,  Russia 
20

 l ex ander Pop o v 


To Our Shareholders
Supervisory Board Report 
/ 014 
/

Supervisory Board Report 
Igor Landau
CHAIRMAN OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

20

14

14

Dear ShareholdersWe look back on 2014 as a challenging year.  Thanks to strong brands and partnerships in the world of sport,  as well as firstclass innovations,  the adidas Group was again able to achieve strong sales growth.  However,  the ongoing weakness in the golf
market,  negative economic developments in Russia/CIS and continuing unfavourable currency developments,  in particular
the considerable devaluation of the Russian rouble,  significantly impacted the Group's results.  Nevertheless,  these issues
have been resolutely managed,  and we have taken the appropriate steps not only to safeguard the financial results in the
short term but also to sustainably improve the Group's profitability in the long term.  Our company is now well positioned to
again achieve sales growth at all brands as well as an overproportionate improvement in the Group's profitability in 2015. 

Supervision and advice in dialogue with the Executive Board
In the year under review,  we again performed all our tasks laid down by law,  the Articles of Association and the Rules
of Procedure carefully and conscientiously.  We regularly advised the Executive Board on the management of the company
and diligently and continuously supervised its management activities,  assuring ourselves of the legality,  expediency and
regularity thereof. 
The Executive Board involved us directly in all of the Group's fundamental decisions.  After in-depth consultation and
examination of the detailed information submitted to us by the Executive Board,  we approved individual transactions where
required by law. 
The Executive Board informed us extensively and in a timely manner through written and oral reports at our Supervisory
Board meetings.  This information covered all relevant aspects of the Group's business strategy,  business planning,  including
finance,  investment and personnel planning,  the course of business and the Group's financial position and profitability.  We
were also kept up to date on matters relating to the risk situation,  risk management and compliance as well as all major
decisions and business transactions. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
To Our Shareholders
Supervisory Board Report 
/ 014 
/

The Executive Board always explained immediately and in a detailed manner any deviations in business performance from the
established plans,  and the Supervisory Board as a whole discussed these matters in depth. 
The Executive Board regularly provided us with comprehensive reports for the preparation of our meetings.  We thus always
had the opportunity to critically analyse the Executive Board's reports and resolution proposals within the committees and
within the Supervisory Board as a whole and to put forward suggestions before resolving upon the Executive Board's proposals
after in-depth examination and consultation.  In the periods between our meetings,  the Executive Board kept us informed on a
monthly basis,  and if necessary more frequently,  regarding the current business situation. 
In addition to the constituent meeting and five regular meetings of the Supervisory Board,  we held two extraordinary meetings
in the year under review.  Apart from one regular meeting,  which two members were prevented from attending due to other
business appointments that could not be postponed,  all Supervisory Board members attended all meetings in the year
under review.  The average attendance rate at meetings of the entire Supervisory Board was therefore just under 97%.  All
the committee meetings,  with the exception of two Audit Committee meetings at which one member was absent,  were fully
attended.  The external auditor,  KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (KPMG),  attended all regular meetings of the
Supervisory Board,  inasfar as they did not deal with Executive Board matters.  KPMG also attended all meetings of the Audit
Committee.  The employee representatives held separate meetings to prepare and discuss agenda items for all meetings of the
entire Supervisory Board. 

Topics for the entire Supervisory Board
Our consultations and examinations focused on the following topics:

Situation and business development
The development of sales and earnings,  the employment situation as well as the financial position of the Group and the business
development of the Group's individual segments and regions were presented to us in detail by the Executive Board following the
close of the respective quarter and were discussed regularly.  Further ongoing topics for discussion were the possible impact of
global economic developments and negative currency translation effects as well as the development of our individual brands. 
In March 2014,  we reviewed and dealt intensively with the KPMG-certified 2013 annual financial statements and consolidated
financial statements,  including the combined management report for adidas AG and the Group,  as well as the Executive Board's
proposal regarding the appropriation of retained earnings. 
At the meetings held in February and August,  the Executive Board provided us with comprehensive information on the continuing
weakness of the golf market worldwide and the resulting unsatisfactory business development for the TaylorMade-adidas Golf
segment in the year under review,  and furthermore provided us with a first outlook on this segment's future sales development. 
At two other meetings we dealt in depth with the Group's goals laid out in the mid-term business plan 'Route 2015',  which the
Executive Board adjusted in July in light of increasingly negative currency effects,  the significantly lower profit contribution
expected from TaylorMade-adidas Golf as well as the increased investment into marketing.  At the May and August meetingswe also dealt comprehensively with the Executive Board's planned sale of the brown-shoe business segment Rockport.  The
Executive Board outlined to us the strategic reasons as well as the opportunities and risks of a potential divestiture.  In order
to advise the Executive Board on the contract negotiations efficiently and in a timely manner,  we transferred the authority to
approve conclusion of the contract to the ad hoc committee 'Relay' which we established for this purpose.  In November,  the
Executive Board provided us with information on the growth potential of the adidas and Reebok brands in the North American
market and presented the corresponding three-year plan 2015/2017,  which we discussed intensively. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

15
20

In the periods between meetings,  the Supervisory Board Chairman and the Audit Committee Chairman maintained regular
contact with the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer,  conferring on matters such as corporate strategybusiness development and planning,  the risk situation and risk management as well as compliance.  In addition,  the Supervisory
Board Chairman was immediately informed about any significant events of fundamental importance for evaluating the situation
and development of the company and management activities. 

To Our Shareholders
Supervisory Board Report 
/ 014 
/

Transactions requiring Supervisory Board approval
In accordance with statutory regulations and the Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory Board,  certain transactions and
measures require a formal resolution or the prior approval of the Supervisory Board. 
In the context of this requirement,  at our meetings in January and February,  we discussed in detail the Group's warehouse
infrastructure and the development of logistics and warehouse costs.  In the interest of optimising profitability,  we approved
the purchase of the strategically important distribution centre in Spartanburg/South Carolina,  USA,  which had previously been
leased.  At our meeting in March,  following detailed discussions,  we resolved upon the resolutions to be proposed to the 2014
Annual General Meeting,  including the proposal regarding the appropriation of retained earnings for the 2013 financial year
and the candidates for election as shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board.  Another topic of this meeting was the
resolution on the 2014 Budget and Investment Plan presented by the Executive Board. 

Composition of the Executive Board
In the year under review,  we took important decisions concerning changes on the Executive Board.  At our extraordinary
meeting held in January,  we dealt with the request of our long-standing Executive Board member Erich Stamminger to release
him from his duties as Executive Board member effective March 5,  2014.  After due consideration within the Supervisory Board
as a whole,  we approved the termination of his appointment by mutual consent and the termination agreement pertaining to his
Executive Board service contract.  As his successor,  we appointed Eric Liedtke as member of the Executive Board responsible
for Global Brands effective March 6,  2014 and resolved on the terms of his Executive Board service contract.  At our meetings
in March and May,  we extensively discussed and resolved to extend the Executive Board mandates and service contracts of
Herbert Hainer,  Glenn Bennett and Robin J.  Stalker. 

20

14

16

With these personnel decisions,  the Supervisory Board acknowledges the Executive Board's performance and strives for
continuity.  Notwithstanding the above,  in November the members of the General Committee discussed,  inter alia,  the matter of
long-term succession planning for the Executive Board. 

Executive Board compensation
In addition to the financial conditions of the Executive Board service contracts,  we dealt at our January meeting with waiving
the competition prohibition that had been agreed with Erich Stamminger and approved the respective contracts.  Key topics of
our meeting in February were the approval of the contractual conditions concerning Erich Stamminger's departure as well as
the in-depth discussion of the performance of the Executive Board members in the year under review,  and we resolved upon
the 2013 Performance Bonuses to be granted to them.  As required by the German Corporate Governance Code (the 'Code')we examined the appropriateness of Executive Board compensation and,  in this context,  considered Executive Board target
compensation in relation to the compensation of senior management and employees overall.  In consideration of this aspectat our meeting in March we comprehensively discussed the targets and key criteria for the 2014 Performance Bonus together
with the individual Performance Bonus target amount determined for each Executive Board member,  as well as the adjustment
of Herbert Hainer's Executive Board service contract,  and resolved thereon. 
In line with the Code,  we commissioned an independent external compensation expert to review the Executive Board
compensation system and the appropriateness of Executive Board compensation.  The review found that the compensation
structure is oriented towards sustainable development of the company and that it meets statutory requirements as well as
those of the Code.  A comparison with other companies regarding the compensation of individual Executive Board members'
target compensation,  however,  found that there is a need for action especially concerning the pension benefits granted
to Executive Board members,  and that there is room for a moderate increase in the future in order to ensure competitive
compensation.  At the meetings of the General Committee and of the Supervisory Board as a whole in May and August,  the
members of the Supervisory Board considered in detail the results of the review of Executive Board compensation and
agreed with the assessment of the compensation expert.  The Supervisory Board already took the findings of the review into
consideration in its resolutions in August relating to the extension of Glenn Bennett's and Robin J.  Stalker's Executive Board
service contracts and their pension benefits. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
To Our Shareholders
Supervisory Board Report 
/ 014 
/

At our meeting in February 2015,  we considered in-depth the performance of each Executive Board member in the year under
review as well as during the three-year period 2012/2014,  and then resolved upon the 2014 Performance Bonuses and the LTIP
Bonuses 2012/2014 to be granted to them. 
Further information on compensation for the 2014 financial year can be found in the Compensation Report  /   COMPENSATION
SEE
REPORT,  P.  28. 

Corporate governance
The Supervisory Board regularly monitors the application and further development of the corporate governance regulations
within the company,  in particular the implementation of the recommendations of the Code.  At our February meetings,  matters
of corporate governance are usually the focal point.  In February 2014,  we discussed and resolved to introduce compensation
caps,  also covering any potential special bonus,  for new or extended Executive Board service contracts.  In preparation for the
upcoming issuance of the 2015 Declaration of Compliance,  our meeting in February 2015 focused on reviewing and resolving
upon the key objectives for the composition of the Supervisory Board as a whole and the introduction of a severance payment
cap for Executive Board service contracts.  Thus,  in this matter as well,  we follow the recommendations of the Code for all
newly concluded and extended Executive Board service contracts.  After comprehensive discussion,  we resolved upon the 2015
Declaration of Compliance.  The Declaration of Compliance was then made permanently available to our shareholders on the
WWW. ADIDAS-GROUP. COM/S/CORPORATE-GOVERNANCE. 
corporate website at  /  
In the year under review,  no conflicts of interest arose with regard to the Executive Board members.  With the exception of the
following matter,  there were also no conflicts of interest within the Supervisory Board. 

Further information on corporate governance at the adidas Group can be found in the Corporate Governance Report including
the Declaration on Corporate Governance  /   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT INCLUDING THE DECLARATION ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCESEE
P.  20. 

Efficient committee work
In order to perform our tasks in an efficient manner,  in addition to the six Supervisory Board standing committees  /  
SEE
SUPERVISORY BOARD,  P.  12 we have also established the project-related ad hoc committee 'Relay'.  The committees prepare
resolutions of the Supervisory Board as well as topics for Supervisory Board meetings.  Within the legally permissible
framework and in appropriate cases,  we have furthermore delegated the Supervisory Board's authority to pass certain
resolutions to individual committees.  With the exception of the Audit Committee,  the Supervisory Board Chairman also chairs
all the standing committees.  The committee chairpersons inform the Supervisory Board about the content and results of the
committee meetings at the subsequent meeting of the entire Supervisory Board. 

/ The Steering Committee did not meet in the year under review. 
/ The General Committee held six meetings in 2014,  one of them by way of a conference call.  Two additional meetings,  dealing
with topics of the year under review,  took place in February 2015. 
The main focus of the meetings of the General Committee was the preparation of the resolutions of the Supervisory Board
as a whole,  detailed individually above,  concerning the termination agreement with Erich Stamminger,  the conclusion of
new or extended Executive Board service contracts as well as the concrete assessment of the Executive Board members'

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

17
20

At the beginning of the 2015 financial year,  a consulting contract and a service contract,  in each case project-specific,  fixed-term
and independent of one another,  were entered into with two companies in which in each case one Supervisory Board member
has an interest.  Approval of these contracts was finally granted after being discussed in detail by the Supervisory Board at its
meetings in November 2014 and January 2015 and at its meeting in February 2015.  In order to avoid conflicts of interest,  the
two Supervisory Board members concerned participated neither in the respective discussions nor in the resolutions. 

To Our Shareholders
Supervisory Board Report 
/ 014 
/

variable compensation such as the Performance Bonus for the 2013 and 2014 financial years and the LTIP Bonus 2012/2014. 
It furthermore dealt in depth with the results of the review of the appropriateness of Executive Board compensation overall. 

/ The Audit Committee held five meetings in the year under review and also one meeting in March 2015,  dealing with topics
of the year under review.  The Chief Financial Officer and the auditor were present at all meetings and reported to the
committee members in detail. 
/   he committee's work focused on the comprehensive review of the quarterly reports and the first half year report together

with the Chief Financial Officer and the auditor before the respective dates of publication,  also the preliminary examination
of the annual financial statements and the consolidated financial statements for 2013,  including the combined management
report of adidas AG and the Group,  as well as the Executive Board's proposal regarding the appropriation of retained
earnings.  Following an in-depth review of the audit reports with the auditor,  the committee decided to recommend that the
Supervisory Board approve the 2013 annual financial statements and consolidated financial statements.  In addition,  after
obtaining the auditor's declaration of independence,  the Audit Committee prepared the Supervisory Board's proposal to the
Annual General Meeting concerning the selection of the auditor of the annual financial statements and the consolidated
financial statements for 2014.  Following extensive discussion by the committee,  the priority topics for the audit of the
2014 annual financial statements and consolidated financial statements were determined and the audit assignment was
granted together with the according audit fee.  The committee furthermore dealt in depth with the 2013 Risk Report and with
establishing best-practice requirements for the internal control systems. 

20

14

18

/   he committee meeting in September focused on examining the efficiency of the internal audit system,  the internal control

system and the risk and compliance management system.  In the context of this examination,  the committee members
reviewed in depth the main risk factors for the Group,  the applied control methods and reporting systems and the efficiency
thereof with the aid of written and oral reports.  In the course of the following comprehensive discussions,  inter alia with
the auditor,  the committee members assured themselves of the effectiveness of the systems and discussed possibilities for
improvement.  Furthermore,  the 2014 report and the draft of the 2015 audit plan of Internal Audit were discussed in detail. 
/   he reporting of the Chief Compliance Officer was a topic at every meeting of the Audit Committee.  No material compliance

issues were noted in the year under review. 
/ The Mediation Committee,  established in accordance with the German Co-Determination Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz –
MitbestG),  had no reason to convene in 2014. 
/ The Nomination Committee did not meet in the year under review. 
/ The Finance and Investment Committee,  which was established in September,  held three meetings in the year under review
and two meetings in the current year in each case by way of a conference call. 
In November,  following extensive consideration,  it granted approval on behalf of the Supervisory Board for the issuance
of two bonds with an overall volume of € 1 billion and a term of seven years and twelve years,  respectively.  It furthermore
discussed the parameters of a share buyback programme based on the authorisation granted by the Annual General
Meeting on May 8,  2014,  and resolved upon a first tranche with a volume of up to € 300 million. 

/ The 'Relay' Committee convened once in the year under review and,  following an in-depth discussion,  approved on behalf
of the Supervisory Board the sale of the Rockport brand to a new entity formed by Berkshire Partners and New Balance. 

Examination of the 2014 annual financial statements and consolidated financial statements
KPMG audited the 2014 consolidated financial statements prepared by the Executive Board in accordance with § 315a German
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch HGB) in compliance with IFRS and issued an unqualified opinion thereon.  The auditor 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
To Our Shareholders
Supervisory Board Report 
/ 014 
/

also approved without qualification the 2014 annual financial statements of adidas AG,  prepared in accordance with HGB
requirements,  and the combined management report for adidas AG and the Group.  The financial statements,  the proposal put
forward by the Executive Board regarding the appropriation of retained earnings and the auditor's reports were distributed
by the Executive Board to all Supervisory Board members in a timely manner.  We examined the documents in depth,  with
 particular focus on legality and regularity,  in the presence of the auditor at the Audit Committee meeting held on March 22015 and at the Supervisory Board's March 4,  2015 financial statements meeting,  during which the Executive Board explained
the financial statements in detail.  Further topics at these meetings were the Executive Board's commentaries concerning
the impairment of goodwill and the Rockport disposal group necessary for the 2014 financial year.  At both meetings,  the
auditor reported the material results of the audit with a focus on the priority topics of the year under review as agreed with the
Audit Committee and was available for questions and the provision of additional information.  The auditor did not report any
significant weaknesses with respect to the internal control and risk management system relating to the accounting process. 
We also discussed in depth with the Executive Board the proposal concerning the appropriation of retained earnings,  which
provides for a dividend of € 150 per dividend-entitled share and adopted the proposal under consideration of the share buyback
programme,  the Group's financial situation and future prospects as well as the expectations of our shareholders.  Based on
our own examinations of the annual and consolidated financial statements,  we came to the conclusion that there are no
objections to be raised.  At our financial statements meeting,  therefore,  following the recommendation of the Audit Committeewe approved the audit results and the financial statements prepared by the Executive Board.  The annual financial statements
of adidas AG were thus approved. 

Changes on the Supervisory Board 
At the constituent meeting of the Supervisory Board directly following the Annual General Meeting,  we again confirmed the
Chairman,  the Deputy Chairwoman and the Deputy Chairman in their respective offices,  and also all the members of the
co-determined committees.  Besides the re-election of Willi Schwerdtle and myself,  we also elected Kathrin Menges to join the
Nomination Committee. 

Expression of thanks
On behalf of the Supervisory Board,  I wish to thank the Executive Board and all adidas Group employees around the world for
their tremendous personal dedication and their ongoing commitment,  and I also thank the employee representatives for their
good collaboration. 
For the Supervisory Board 
IGOR L ANDAU
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
March 2015

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

19
20

The term of office of all members of the Supervisory Board expired at the end of the Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2014. 
On the shareholder representatives' side,  Alexander Popov and Christian Tourres are no longer members of the Supervisory
Board that was elected that day for a term of five years.  We expressed our thanks to the departing members for their many
years of dedicated and loyal collaboration.  As new shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board,  the Annual General
Meeting – in line with the nominations submitted by the Supervisory Board based on the suggestions of the Nomination
Committee elected Katja Kraus and Kathrin Menges.  Furthermore,  the Supervisory Board members seeking re-election
either on the shareholder representatives' or the employee representatives' side were confirmed in their respective elections. 



To Our Shareholders
Corporate Governance Report including the Declaration on Corporate Governance 
/ 015 
/

Corporate Governance Report
including the Declaration on
Corporate Governance
 1)

Corporate governance stands for responsible and transparent management and corporate
control oriented towards a sustainable increase in value.  We are convinced that good
corporate governance is an essential foundation for sustainable corporate success and
enhances the confidence placed in our Group by our shareholders,  business partnersemployees and the financial markets.  The following report includes the Corporate
Governance Report and the Declaration on Corporate Governance issued by the Executive
Board and Supervisory Board. 

Dual board system
As a globally operating public listed company with its registered seat in Herzogenaurach,  Germanyadidas AG is,  inter alia,  subject to the provisions of German stock corporation law.  A dual board
system,  which assigns the management of the company to the Executive Board and advice and
supervision of the Executive Board to the Supervisory Board,  is one of the fundamental principles of
German stock corporation law.  These two boards are strictly separated both in terms of members
and of competencies.  In the interest of the company,  however,  both Boards cooperate closely. 
20

14

20

Composition and working methods of the Executive Board
The composition of our Executive Board,  which consists of five members,  reflects the international
character of our Group.  No member of the Executive Board has accepted more than a total of three
supervisory board mandates in non-Group listed companies or in supervisory bodies of non-Group
companies with similar requirements.  The Executive Board is responsible for independently
managing the company,  determining the Group's strategic orientation,  agreeing this with the
Supervisory Board and ensuring its implementation.  Further,  it defines business targets,  company
policy and the organisation of the Group.  Additionally,  the Executive Board ensures appropriate risk
management and risk controlling as well as compliance with statutory regulations and internal
guidelines.  It is bound to the company's interest and obligated to strive for a sustainable increase
in company value.  When filling management positions in the company,  the Executive Board takes
diversity into consideration.  It especially aims for an appropriate consideration of women.  We plan
to increase the number of women in management positions to 32% worldwide by the end of 2017. 
Irrespective of the Executive Board's overall responsibility,  its members are individually responsible
for managing their respective business areas in accordance with the Executive Board's Business
Allocation Plan.  There are no Executive Board committees.  The CEO is responsible in particular
for leading the entire Executive Board as well as for guiding business development,  including
the coordination of the business segments,  brands and markets.  The members of the Executive
Board keep each other informed on all significant developments in their business areas and align
on all cross-functional measures.  Further details on collaboration within the Executive Board
are governed by the Rules of Procedure of the Executive Board and the Business Allocation Plan. 
These documents specifically stipulate requirements for meetings and resolutions as well as for
cooperation with the Supervisory Board. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Executive Board,  p.  10

see Employees,  p.  82

1)  he Corporate Governance Report including

the Declaration on Corporate Governance is an
unaudited section of the Group Management
Report. 

To Our Shareholders
Corporate Governance Report including the Declaration on Corporate Governance 
/ 015 
/

At the Supervisory Board meetings,  the Executive Board reports in writing and orally on the agenda
items and resolution proposals and answers all questions from the individual Supervisory Board
members.  The CEO and the CFO maintain regular contact and consult with the Chairman of the
Supervisory Board and the Audit Committee Chairman on key aspects of strategy,  planning and
business development as well as on questions of risk management and compliance within the
Group. 

Composition and working methods of the Supervisory Board
Our Supervisory Board consists of six shareholder representatives and six employee representatives
in accordance with the German Co-Determination Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz MitbestG).  The
shareholder representatives are elected by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting,  and
the employee representatives by the employees of adidas AG.  The last periodic election took place
in 2014.  The term of office of the current members of the Supervisory Board commenced on May 82014 and expires at the end of the 2019 Annual General Meeting. 

 
Further information on
Corporate Governance
More information on topics covered in this
report can be found on our website 
 www, adidas-group, com/s/
corporate-governance
including:
/  Articles of Association
/  Rules of Procedure of the Executive Board
/ 
Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory
Board
/  Rules of Procedure of the Audit Committee
/ 
Supervisory Board Committees
(
­ composition and tasks)

The Supervisory Board's proposals with regard to shareholder representative candidates for election
at the Annual General Meeting were prepared by the Nomination Committee.  The Committee's
recommendations take into consideration the statutory requirements,  the German Corporate
Governance Code (hereinafter the 'Code') and the Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory Board,  as
well as the objectives and criteria determined by the Supervisory Board for its own composition:

Thus,  the objectives for the composition of the Supervisory Board have been met in full.  Information
on the individual Supervisory Board members is available in this Annual Report and on our website. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

21
20

Together,  its members have the knowledge,  skills and professional expertise required to properly
perform their tasks.  As the members of the Supervisory Board have extensive knowledge of various
professional fields,  and in some cases also many years of international experience,  they bring a
broad spectrum of expertise to the performance of their Supervisory Board function.  The number
of female Supervisory Board members has increased from two members to four.  Assuming all
of the employee representatives also in principle meet the independence criteria for Supervisory
Board members as defined by the Code,  in the Supervisory Board's assessment,  all of its members
are independent.  The members of our Supervisory Board do not exercise directorships or similar
positions or advisory tasks for key competitors of the company.  Further,  they do not have business
or personal relations with adidas AG,  its Executive Board and Supervisory Board or a controlling
shareholder which may cause a substantial and not merely temporary conflict of interest.  The age
limit of,  in general,  72 years at the time of election was taken into account in the selection process. 

see Supervisory Board Report,  p.  14

 
see Supervisory Board,  p.  12
www, adidas-group, com/s/supervisory-board 
To Our Shareholders
Corporate Governance Report including the Declaration on Corporate Governance 
/ 015 
/

As the Supervisory Board,  following the election,  is in new composition since the end of the Annual
General Meeting on May 8,  2014,  at its meeting on February 11,  2015,  it discussed the objectives
that had been set for its composition and,  notwithstanding that it cannot influence the selection of
candidates for employee representatives on the Supervisory Board,  resolved anew as follows:
/ 
The composition of the Supervisory Board including members with international background
shall be maintained to the current extent.  Diversity in terms of expertise and experience on the
grounds of origin,  education or professional activity shall continue to be taken into account in
the future. 
/ 
The number of women on the Supervisory Board,  namely four,  shall be maintained.  Furthermoreone woman shall be a member of the Nomination Committee. 
/  in the past,  all members of the Supervisory Board shall be independent.  This presupposes
As
that all employee representatives also in principle meet the independence criteria as defined by
the Code.  Substantial,  not merely temporary conflicts of interest shall be avoided. 
/ 
The members of the Supervisory Board shall dispose of sufficient time for performing their
mandate. 
/ 
The age limit of,  in general,  72 years at the time of election shall be taken into account. 

20

14

22

However,  the basis for every Supervisory Board function remains the personal qualification of the
Supervisory Board members.  Therefore,  other important criteria will also be considered when
nominating candidates for election.  Personality,  integrity and sufficient diversity in terms of expert
and industry knowledge as well as particular experience,  e.g.  in the fields of accounting or annual
auditing,  will continue to be taken into account as at present.  These are important preconditions
for the Supervisory Board to work together productively and to competently supervise and advise
the Executive Board.  The best interests of the company will continue to play a decisive role when
nominating candidates for election. 
The Supervisory Board supervises and advises the Executive Board in questions relating to Group
management.  The Executive Board regularly,  expeditiously and comprehensively reports on
business development and planning as well as on the risk situation including compliance and
coordinates the strategy of the company and its implementation with the Supervisory Board.  The
Supervisory Board examines and approves the annual financial statements of adidas AG and the
adidas Group,  taking into consideration the auditor's reports,  and resolves upon the proposal of
the Executive Board on the appropriation of retained earnings.  Additionally,  it resolves upon the
resolution proposals to be presented to the Annual General Meeting.  Certain business transactions
and measures of the Executive Board with fundamental significance are subject to prior approval by
the entire Supervisory Board or by a Supervisory Board committee. 
The Supervisory Board is also responsible for the appointment and dismissal of members of the
Executive Board.  When appointing members of the Executive Board,  the Supervisory Board pays
attention to the best possible composition of the Executive Board.  Experience,  industry knowledge
as well as personal and expert qualifications play an important role in this regard.  In March 2014Eric Liedtke,  who has held various management positions within the adidas Group both in and
outside Germany in the past 20 years,  became the successor of Erich Stamminger as member of
the Executive Board responsible for Global Brands.  The Supervisory Board considers the increase
in the number of women in management positions within the adidas Group as necessary to ensure
that in the future more suitable female candidates are available for positions on the Executive Board. 
The Supervisory Board thus supports the Group's diversity concepts,  particularly regarding the
management development programmes,  with the goal of increasing the representation of women
on the Executive Board in the long term. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
To Our Shareholders
Corporate Governance Report including the Declaration on Corporate Governance 
/ 015 
/

The Supervisory Board further determines the Executive Board compensation system,  examines
it regularly and decides on the individual overall compensation of each Executive Board member. 
To this end,  the relation between Executive Board compensation and that of senior management
and employees overall is taken into account,  also in terms of its development over time.  Further
information on Executive Board compensation is compiled in the Compensation Report. 
In order to increase the efficiency of its work and to deal with complex topics,  the Supervisory
Board has formed six permanent expert committees from within its members,  which,  inter aliaprepare its resolutions and,  in certain cases,  pass resolutions on its behalf.  These committees are
the Steering Committee,  the General Committee,  the Audit Committee,  the Finance and Investment
Committee,  which was newly formed in 2014,  the Mediation Committee in accordance with
§ 27 section 3 MitbestG and the Nomination Committee.  In addition,  there is one project-based ad
hoc committee which was established in 2014.  The chairmen of the committees report to the entire
Supervisory Board on the results of the committee work on a regular basis.  The composition of
the committees can be found in our overview of the Supervisory Board.  Further information on the
committees' tasks is available on our website. 

 
see Supervisory Board,  p.  12
www, adidas-group, com/s/
supervisory-board-committees 
see Supervisory Board Report,  p.  14

23
20

14

Apart from the tasks and responsibilities,  the Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory Board and of
the Audit Committee also set out the individual requirements expected of the members and the
procedure for meetings and passing resolutions.  These Rules of Procedure are available on our
website.  The Supervisory Board Report provides information on the activities of the Supervisory
Board and its committees in the year under review. 

see Compensation Report,  p.  28

The members of the Supervisory Board are individually responsible for undertaking any necessary
training and professional development measures required for their tasks and,  in doing so,  are
supported by adidas AG.  The company informs the Supervisory Board regularly about current
legislative changes as well as opportunities for external training,  and provides the Supervisory
Board with relevant specialist literature.  In-house introductory events were held for the newly
elected members of the Supervisory Board. 
Every two years,  the Supervisory Board and the Audit Committee examine the efficiency of their
work by means of questionnaires and individual interviews.  The next efficiency examinations will be
carried out after the Annual General Meeting in 2015. 

Avoiding conflicts of interest
The members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board are obligated to disclose any conflicts of
interest to the Supervisory Board without any delay.  Substantial transactions between the company
and members of the Executive Board or persons in a close relation with them require Supervisory
Board approval.  Contracts between the company and members of the Supervisory Board also require
Supervisory Board approval.  The Supervisory Board reports any conflicts of interest,  as well as the
handling thereof,  to the Annual General Meeting.  In the year under review,  neither the members of
the Executive Board nor the members of the Supervisory Board faced conflicts of interest,  with the
exception of the matter outlined in the Supervisory Board Report. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Supervisory Board Report,  p.  14

To Our Shareholders
Corporate Governance Report including the Declaration on Corporate Governance 
/ 015 
/

Declaration by the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of adidas AG
pursuant to § 161 German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz AktG)
on the German Corporate Governance Code
The Executive Board and Supervisory Board of adidas AG issued their last Declaration of Compliance pursuant to § 161 AktG
on February 13,  2014.  For the period from the publication of the last Declaration of Compliance up to September 30,  2014,  the
following Declaration refers to the German Corporate Governance Code (hereinafter referred to as the 'Code') as amended
on May 13,  2013.  For the period as of October 1,  2014,  the following Declaration refers to the recommendations of the Code
as amended on June 24,  2014,  which was published in the Federal Gazette on September 30,  2014. 
The Executive Board and Supervisory Board of adidas AG declare that the recommendations of the 'Government Commission
on the German Corporate Governance Code' have been and are met with the following deviations:

Capping overall compensation and variable compensation components
(section 423 subsection 2 sentence 6)
We follow the recommendations of the Code in all contracts that have been newly concluded or extended since the issuance
of the last Declaration of Compliance,  and we intend to follow the recommendations in the future as well when contracts are
extended or newly concluded.  The company cannot,  however,  unilaterally interfere with existing contracts,  nor would such
interference be in line with the principle of contractual fidelity. 
20

14

24

Agreeing severance payment caps when concluding Executive Board service contracts
(section 423 subsection 4)
We believe that for contracts with a term of up to three years the short contractual term agreed in connection with further
contractual provisions offers sufficient protection from inappropriate severance payments.  Nevertheless,  we have agreed on
 severance cap in accordance with the recommendations of the Code for all contracts that have been newly concluded or
extended since the issuance of the last Declaration of Compliance,  and we intend to follow the recommendation in the future
as well when contracts are extended or newly concluded. 

Disclosure of shares held by the individual members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board or
financial instruments related thereto (section 63 sentence 1)
In the past,  we have not reported the ownership of shares or related financial instruments on an individual basis for the
members of the Boards if such ownership exceeded 1% of the shares issued by adidas AG.  Henceforth,  we will observe this
recommendation of the Code and report accordingly in the Corporate Governance Report. 

Herzogenaurach,  February 12,  2015
For the Executive Board 
HERBERT HAINER

Chief Executive Officer 
For the Supervisory Board 
IGOR L AND A U

Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
The aforementioned Declaration of Compliance dated February 12,  2015 has been published under and can be downloaded
at    www, adidas-Group, com/s/corporate-governance. 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
To Our Shareholders
Corporate Governance Report including the Declaration on Corporate Governance 
/ 015 
/

Relevant management practices
Performance,  passion,  integrity and diversity are the core values of our Group.  They are actively lived
by our Executive Board members,  Supervisory Board members and our employees and have been
incorporated into our Code of Conduct which we completely revised in the past year,  eight years
after it was originally introduced in 2006.  Our business activities are oriented towards the legal
systems in the various countries and markets in which we operate.  This implies a high level of social
and environmental responsibility. 
Compliance with working and social standards: The development of company guidelines with
regard to social minimum standards,  work safety as well as health and environmental protection
and the monitoring thereof at the production facilities of the adidas Group and its business partners
is an integral component of our corporate policy.  Our Group has a separate Code of Conduct for the
supply chain,  the 'Workplace Standards'.  These standards are oriented towards the conventions of
the International Labour Organization (ILO) and follow the code of conduct of the World Federation
of the Sporting Goods Industry (WFSGI).  They help us to only choose such business partners who
fulfil our Workplace Standards and the requirements of our business practices.  We have appointed
an expert team especially for the coordination of compliance with,  and control of,  the Workplace
Standards.  We report on our sustainability programme in this Annual Report,  publish a detailed
sustainability report annually and provide information on our progress throughout the year on our
website. 

 
Further information on the
principles of our management
More information on topics covered in this
report can be found on our website at 
 www, adidas-group, com including:
/  Code of Conduct
/  Sustainability
/  Social commitment
/  and opportunity management and
Risk
compliance
/ 
Information and documents on the Annual
General Meeting
/  Directors' dealings
/  Accounting and annual audit 
www, adidas-group, com/s/standards-and-policies 
25
see Sustainability,  p.  89

Environmental responsibility: For long-term,  successful management of the adidas Groupsustainable actions that embrace,  in particular,  social and environmental responsibility towards
present and future generations are essential.  Our Social & Environmental Affairs department,  with
its worldwide team,  has for many years been monitoring the rights of employees in the supply chain
as well as with the coordination of the environmental strategy and product safety management. 
In line with the Group-wide sustainability programme,  the adidas Group developed a comprehensive
environmental strategy.  The objective of the strategy is to make processes more efficient and
environmentally friendly at every stage of the value chain.  This ranges from areas such as product
design,  material development and selection,  development and sourcing,  logistics and IT systems,  to
improving the efficiency of company-owned locations.  Optimising these processes makes it possible
for the adidas Group to offer more sustainable products and improve the company's environmental
performance in the future.  With our environmental strategy,  we have set precise goals concerning
the reduction of emissions.  A key element of these goals is also the introduction of uniform
environmental management systems at company-owned locations in compliance with ISO 14001. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
www, adidas-group, com/s/green-company 
14

In addition to the recommendations,  the Code contains a number of suggestions for good and
responsible corporate governance,  compliance with which is not required to be disclosed by law. 
The adidas Group is fully compliant with all suggestions of the Code. 

20

Suggestions of the German Corporate Governance Code fulfilled 
To Our Shareholders
Corporate Governance Report including the Declaration on Corporate Governance 
/ 015 
/

Social commitment: The adidas Group cooperates with charity organisations in order to improve
the quality of life for people by means of sport.  Moreover,  we support international humanitarian
aid efforts,  e.g.  in the wake of natural disasters,  and we are committed through various projects
worldwide to education,  science and humanitarian initiatives.  Our employees also have a wide range
of possibilities to participate in social programmes.  Through the adidas Fund,  for example,  they can
become involved in charitable causes around the world: South Africa,  the Democratic Republic of
the Congo,  Albania,  Kenya,  Israel,  Brazil,  Hong Kong,  Switzerland and Germany are only some of
the countries in which adidas employees have already participated in projects.  Support is provided
especially to children and teenagers,  who are introduced through sport to programmes that convey
self-confidence,  respect and team spirit while also opening up new opportunities and possibilities. 
Through their volunteer work,  our employees experience what can be achieved through sport,  and
moreover learn a good deal about values,  culture and life in different countries.  Volunteer work
furthermore enhances our employees' motivation as well as their teamwork,  leadership and
communication skills.  Our website provides information on the various projects. 

www, adidas-group, com/s/employee-volunteering 
Compliance and risk management within the adidas Group 
20

14

26

Our compliance management system is linked to the Group's risk and opportunity management
system.  Both systems are closely coordinated and continuously developed and improved.  As part of
our global Fair Play concept,  the compliance management system establishes the organisational
framework for Group-wide awareness of our internal rules and guidelines and for the legally
compliant conduct of our business.  It underscores our strong commitment to ethical and fair
behaviour in our own organisation and also sets the parameters for how we deal with others. 
The risk and opportunity management system ensures risk-aware,  opportunity-oriented and
informed actions in a dynamic business environment in order to guarantee the competitiveness and
sustainable success of the adidas Group. 

see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  154

Transparency and protection of shareholders' interests
It is our goal to inform all institutional investors,  private shareholders,  financial analysts,  business
partners,  employees and the interested public about the company's situation,  at the same time and
to an equal extent,  through regular,  transparent and up-to-date communication.  We publish all
essential information,  such as press releases,  ad hoc announcements and voting rights notifications
as well as all presentations from analyst conferences,  all financial reports and the financial calendar
on our website.  Our Investor Relations department maintains close and continuous contact with our
shareholders and provides a comprehensive range of services to shareholders and the financial
community. 
In addition,  we also provide all documents and information on our Annual General Meeting on our
website.  The shareholders of adidas AG exercise their shareholders' rights at the Annual General
Meeting.  Each share grants one vote.  Thus,  our shareholders are involved in all fundamental
resolutions at the Annual General Meeting.  It is our intention to support our shareholders in
exercising their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
 
www, adidas-group, com
see Our Share,  p.  38

To Our Shareholders
Corporate Governance Report including the Declaration on Corporate Governance 
/ 015 
/

Therefore,  at our next Annual General Meeting,  taking place on May 7,  2015 in Fuerth (Bavaria),  we
will again provide our shareholders with the best possible service.  Shareholders have the possibilityinter alia,  to electronically register for the Annual General Meeting through our shareholder portal
or to participate in online voting by granting powers of representation and voting instructions to the
proxies appointed by the company.  Further,  all shareholders can follow the Annual General Meeting
in full length live on the company's website. 

Share ownership of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board
At the end of 2014,  individual ownership of shares in the company or related financial instruments
held by members of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board was well under 1% of the
shares issued by adidas AG.  The same applies for the total number of shares held by all members
of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board. 
 detailed overview of Directors' dealings in 2014 is published on our website. 

www, adidas-group, com/s/directors-dealings 
Accounting and annual audit 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
27
14

KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft was appointed as auditor for the 2014 annual financial
statements and annual consolidated financial statements by the Annual General Meeting.  The
Supervisory Board had previously assured itself of the auditor's independence. 

see Auditor's Report,  p.  187

20

adidas AG prepares the annual financial statements in accordance with the provisions of the
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch HGB) and the Stock Corporation Act.  The annual
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with the principles of the International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS),  as adopted by the European Union (EU). 



To Our Shareholders
Compensation Report 
/ 016 
/

Compensation Report 
 1)

The Compensation Report outlines the principles of the compensation system and the
level of Executive Board and Supervisory Board compensation in accordance with the
legal requirements and the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance
Code (the 'Code') as amended on June 24,  2014.  For the adidas Group,  transparent and
comprehensible reporting on the compensation of the Executive Board and Supervisory
Board is an essential element of good corporate governance. 

Compensation system for the Executive Board
Following preparation by the Supervisory Board's General Committee,  the compensation system
for our Executive Board and the total compensation of each member of the Executive Board
is determined and regularly reviewed by the entire Supervisory Board.  The compensation and
personnel topics dealt with by the Supervisory Board and General Committee for the year under
review are described in the Supervisory Board Report. 

20

14

28

see Supervisory Board Report,  p.  14

The compensation system is geared towards creating an incentive for successful,  sustainably
value-oriented corporate development and management.  In determining the Executive Board
members' compensation particularly in terms of its appropriateness,  such factors as the size
and global orientation,  the economic situation,  the success and outlook of the company are taken
into consideration,  as well as the common level of the compensation in comparison with peer
companies and with the compensation structure applicable for other areas of the company.  To this
end,  the relation between the Executive Board compensation and that of senior management and
employees overall is taken into account,  also in terms of its development over time.  In additionthe tasks and contribution of each Executive Board member to the company's success,  their
individual performance as well as the overall performance of the Executive Board are considered
when determining the compensation of the Executive Board.  It aims to appropriately remunerate
exceptional performance,  while diminishing variable compensation when targets are not met.  Thusin the Supervisory Board's opinion,  an appropriate level of compensation can be ensured. 
The compensation system for the members of the Executive Board which has been applicable since
the 2012 financial year was adopted by a large majority at the Annual General Meeting on May 102012. 
In 2014,  a review of the compensation system was conducted by an independent external
compensation expert.  The review came to the conclusion that the compensation system meets the
requirements of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz AktG) and the recommendations
of the German Corporate Governance Code. 

Components of the Executive Board compensation
The total compensation of the Executive Board members in the case of 100% target achievement – is
made up of around one-third fixed compensation and two-thirds variable,  i, e.  performance-related
compensation components:
/ 
The fixed compensation consists of the annual fixed salary,  which is based on the tasks and
responsibilities of the individual Executive Board member.  It is paid in twelve equal monthly
instalments and basically remains unchanged for three years during the term of the service
contract. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
1)  his Compensation Report is a component of the

Group Management Report and is also part of
the Corporate Governance Report including the
Declaration on Corporate Governance. 

To Our Shareholders
Compensation Report 
/ 016 
/

/ 
The variable,  performance-related compensation consists of the following two components:
/  Performance Bonus measured over a one-year period and
the
/  LTIP Bonus,  which is based on on the Long-Term Incentive Plan 2012/2014 (LTIP
the
2012/2014) measured over a three-year period,  as a compensation component with long-term
incentive effect. 
The variable compensation components are designed in such a way that the incentive to achieve the
decisive long-term targets set by the LTIP is significantly higher than the incentive to achieve the
targets decisive for being granted the Performance Bonus.  Corresponding contractual regulations
ensure that this weighting will also be maintained in the future.  More than 50% of the variable target
compensation component is based upon multi-year performance criteria. 

As criteria for the 2014 Performance Bonus the Supervisory Board established,  in addition to the
individual performance of the Executive Board member,  the following business-related criteria
(performance criteria):
/ 
increase in currency-neutral net sales
/ 
improvement of operating working capital
/ 
improvement of the operating margin in the Retail segment. 
In calculating the amount of the Performance Bonus,  the degree of target achievement
determined for each individual performance criterion is weighted according to the percentage
value of the respective performance criterion.  The sum of the weighted degrees of target
achievement of the performance criteria is then multiplied by the individual Bonus target amount
for each Executive Board member.  The Performance Bonus is capped at a maximum of 150% of
the individual Bonus target amount.  If an Executive Board member takes or leaves office during
 financial year,  the Performance Bonus is calculated on a pro rata basis. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

29
20

The variable components are structured as follows:
/ 
The Performance Bonus serves as compensation for the Executive Board's performance in the
past financial year in line with the short-term development of the company.  It is determined by
the Supervisory Board in a two-stage process:
/  the beginning of the financial year,  the Supervisory Board establishes the differently
At
weighted performance criteria with their respective clear targets,  and determines the
individual amount of the Performance Bonus target amount for each member of the Executive
Board,  based on a target achievement of 100% (Bonus target amount). 
/ At the end of the financial year,  the Supervisory Board examines the precise target achievement
of each Executive Board member and determines the amount of Performance Bonus to be
paid,  depending on the degree of actual target achievement.  The bonus is payable following
approval of the consolidated financial statements of the past financial year. 

To Our Shareholders
Compensation Report 
/ 016 
/

/ The LTIP Bonus serves in line with sustainability-oriented corporate planning as compensation
for the long-term performance of the Executive Board based on the Long-Term Incentive
Plan 2012/2014 (LTIP 2012/2014) measured over a three-year period.  It is determined by the
Supervisory Board in a two-stage process:
/  determining the LTIP 2012/2014 at the beginning of the 2012 financial year,  the Supervisory
In
Board defined the performance criteria,  linked to clear targets and oriented towards the
sustainable growth of the company,  and also defined the individual amount of the LTIP Bonus
target amount for each Executive Board member,  based on a target achievement of 100%
(LTIP target amount). 
/  the end of the 2014 financial year,  the Supervisory Board examined the precise target
At
achievement of each Executive Board member and determined the amount of Performance
Bonus to be paid,  depending on the degree of actual target achievement.  Payout will be
effected after the 2014 consolidated financial statements are approved. 
The Supervisory Board determined the following performance criteria for the LTIP 2012/2014:
/ 
increase in net income attributable to shareholders/ 
increase in operating free cash flow/ 
increase in adidas NEO Label sales,  and
/ 
development of the adidas AG share price. 

20

14

30

In calculating the amount of the LTIP Bonus,  the degree of target achievement determined
for each individual performance criterion is weighted according to the percentage value of the
respective performance criterion.  The development of the individual performance criteria over
the three-year period from 2012 to 2014 is decisive for the assessment of target achievement. 
The sum of the weighted degrees of target achievement of the performance criteria is multiplied
by the individual LTIP target amount for each Executive Board member. 
For the ultimate evaluation of the Executive Board's performance,  qualitative criteria determined
by the Supervisory Board when establishing the LTIP 2012/2014 were taken into account,  such as
developing an HR reporting system in alignment with GRI (Global Reporting Initiative) guidelines. 
The LTIP Bonus is capped at a maximum of 150% of the individual LTIP target amount.  If the
overall degree of target achievement lies at or below 50%,  the Executive Board member is not
entitled to the LTIP Bonus.  If an Executive Board member takes or leaves office during the term of
the LTIP 2012/2014,  the LTIP Bonus is calculated on a pro rata basis.  There is no claim to payout
if an Executive Board member resigns from office or voluntarily terminates his employment
relationship during the term of the LTIP 2012/2014,  nor in the event of termination of the service
contract by the company. 
 compensation component resulting from a management share option plan does not exist and is not
planned.  The development of the adidas AG share,  however,  provides one of the four performance
criteria for the LTIP 2012/2014. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
To Our Shareholders
Compensation Report 
/ 016 
/

Other benefits and additional commitments
The Executive Board members are granted other minor benefits which are individually taxed in
accordance with applicable law.  These benefits primarily consist of paying for,  or providing the
monetary value of,  non-cash benefits and other benefits such as the provision of a company car and
contributions to standard insurance schemes.  The Executive Board members do not receive any
additional compensation for mandates within the adidas Group.  The Executive Board members did
not receive any loans or advance payments from adidas AG. 

Pension commitments
All members of the Executive Board have individual contractual pension commitments which
are calculated based on the length of appointment to the Executive Board as a percentage of
contractually agreed pensionable income. 
The amount of pensionable income for the members of the Executive Board currently equals the
individual fixed annual salary indicated in the table 'Benefits granted'.  Starting from a base amount
totalling 10% of the respective pensionable income,  a module of two percentage points 2) 3) of the
pensionable income is formed for each full year of tenure as an Executive Board member. 

see Table 01

The Supervisory Board has,  as its targeted level of provision regarding pension commitments for
members of the Executive Board,  determined a pension claim amounting to a maximum of 40% 4)
of an Executive Board member's pensionable income.  Following the Executive Board member's
departure from the company,  benefit payments are made on a monthly basis
/  a retirement pension upon reaching the age of 65,  or
as
/  a disability pension in the event of occupational or general disability for medical reasons,  for
as
no longer than up to the point a retirement pension is paid,  amounting to the pension entitlement
reached at the point the respective pension became payable;
/  survivors' benefits upon the death of an Executive Board member,  providing the spouse or
as
partner with 50% of the pension entitlements up to this point and,  if applicable,  15% of the
pension entitlements up to this point for each dependent half-orphan or 30% for each dependent
orphan.  Taken together,  survivors' benefits may not exceed the deceased Executive Board
member's total pension entitlement.  If survivors' entitlements exceed the pension entitlementbenefits for dependent children are reduced proportionately. 

20

14

31

In the event that an Executive Board member leaves the company prior to reaching retirement
age,  the non-forfeiture of the pension entitlement will be in line with legal provisions.  The pension
entitlement is not,  as legally envisaged,  reduced pro rata temporis,  i, e.  it amounts to at least the
base amount of the pension commitment made to the Executive Board member,  plus the pension
modules accumulated annually during the term of office. 
Following commencement of retirement,  ongoing pensions are adjusted in line with the development
of state pensions. 
Herbert Hainer,  Roland Auschel,  Eric Liedtke,  Robin J.  Stalker and Erich Stamminger,  who
belonged to the group of senior executives of adidas AG prior to their Executive Board appointmentswill at the time of their retirement receive additional payments from the 'adidas Management
Pension Plan'.  Until their appointment as Executive Board members,  adidas AG had contributed
pension components for Herbert Hainer,  Roland Auschel,  Eric Liedtke,  Robin J.  Stalker and Erich
Stamminger under these supplementary provisions which were introduced for all senior executives
of the company in 1989. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
2)  nitial appointment of Herbert Hainer and Erich

Stamminger: effective March 6,  1997; deviating
provision for Glenn Bennett: instead of his initial
appointment date (effective March 6,  1997)January 1,  2000 is used for the calculation of
his pension entitlements with a base amount of
20% of pensionable income; initial appointment
of Robin J.  Stalker: effective January 30,  2001;
initial appointment of Roland Auschel: effective
October 1,  2013; initial appointment of Eric
Liedtke: effective March 6,  2014. 
3)  ncrease of the annual pension components

of Glenn Bennett and Robin J.  Stalker to three
percentage points of the pensionable income
effective March 6,  2015. 
4)  ncrease of the targeted provision level of Glenn

Bennett and Robin J.  Stalker to a pension
entitlement of a maximum of 50% effective
March 6,  2015. 

To Our Shareholders
Compensation Report 
/ 016 
/

If an Executive Board member dies during his term of office,  his spouse or partner receives oralternatively,  any dependent children receive,  in addition to pension benefits,  the pro rata annual
fixed salary for the month of death and the following three months,  but no longer than until the
agreed end date of the service contract. 

01   /   Pension commitments  (€)
Service cost 
Accumulated pension obligation
for all pension commitments
excluding deferred compensation 
2014

2013

2014 1)

Herbert Hainer (CEO)

330836

331765

12671309

9291353

Roland Auschel 
390536

97612

2177675

1460813

Glenn Bennett 3)

756632

112614

5324430

2520181

Eric Liedtke 
315951

–

658518

–

Robin J.  Stalker 3)

907791

240980

5430974

2858950

Executive Board members incumbent as at December 31,  2014

Erich Stamminger 4)
Total 
2013 2)

147679

157369

6122065

4713548

2849425

940340

32384971

20844845

1)  otal deferred compensation amounted to € 719324 (2013: € 127770),  implemented for Glenn Bennett in the amount of $ 754753 (annual average rate 2014: 13296 $/€) and

for Robin J.  Stalker in the amount of € 151670. 
2) Total deferred compensation amounted to € 127770,  implemented for Robin J.  Stalker. 
3) The service cost increased effective March 6,  2015 due to the amendment of the Pension Agreement comprising the 2014 service cost and the 2014 past service cost. 
4) Pro rata temporis until the date of resignation effective March 6,  2014. 
20

14

32

Commitments to Executive Board members upon premature termination of tenure
Executive Board service contracts are usually agreed with a contractual term of three years.  This
term will be shortened accordingly if the Executive Board member reaches the age of 65 prior to
expiration. 
In case of premature termination of tenure in the absence of good cause,  the Executive Board
service contracts provide for compensatory payments of a maximum of twice the overall annual
compensation,  limited to payment claims for the remaining period of the service contract (Severance
Payment Cap) 5).  In this respect,  the overall annual compensation means the overall compensation
paid for the last full financial year prior to resignation from the Executive Board as outlined in the
Compensation Report,  excluding service costs and follow-up bonus,  while considering the expected
total compensation for the current financial year.  If the service contract is terminated due to a
change of control,  a possible severance payment is limited to 150% of the Severance Payment Cap. 
Unless otherwise agreed,  upon regular termination of the service contract,  i, e.  in case of non-renewal
of the service contract or termination upon reaching the age of 65,  the departing Executive Board
member is entitled to receive not only his annual fixed salary on a pro rata basis up to the date on
which he leaves office,  but also a potential pro-rated Performance Bonus and LTIP Bonus as well
as an individually agreed follow-up bonus 6).  The follow-up bonus is paid in two tranches,  12 and
24 months following the end of the contract 7). 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
5)  corresponding provision will be added to

Roland Auschel's service contract upon its
renewal. 
6)  his bonus amounts to 75% for Roland AuschelT
Glenn Bennett and Eric Liedtke,  100% for
Robin J.  Stalker and 125% for Herbert Hainer
and Erich Stamminger and is based on the
Performance Bonus granted to the respective
Executive Board member for the last full
financial year. 
7)  here is no claim to a follow-up bonus if the

Executive Board service contract is terminated
by release or for good cause. 

To Our Shareholders
Compensation Report 
/ 016 
/

The service contract of Erich Stamminger was terminated by mutual consent effective March 6,  2014. 
Until that date,  he was granted the contractual payments.  In connection with the mutual termination
of his Executive Board mandate,  Erich Stamminger received a Performance Bonus amounting to
€ 482710 for the 2013 financial year.  In view of the short term until his departure,  no Performance
Bonus was granted for the 2014 financial year.  It was further agreed with Erich Stamminger that
he will receive two thirds of the LTIP Bonus which the Supervisory Board resolved in February 2015
assuming his participation in the Plan from January 1,  2012 until December 31,  2014.  In accordance
with his service contract,  Erich Stamminger will receive 75% and 50% of the Performance Bonus
granted to him for the 2013 financial year at the end of March 2015 and March 2016,  respectively,  i, e. 
€ 362032 and € 214355.  Erich Stamminger agreed not to work for a key competitor of the adidas
Group in the period until July 8,  2014.  In accordance with the provisions of his service contracthe was paid compensation in the amount of € 104530 gross for this post-contractual competition
prohibition.  The monthly compensatory payment amounts to 50% of the last fixed monthly salary. 
The claims to pension payments deriving from the adidas Management Pension Plan and the
pension commitment dated March 6,  1997,  as amended on March 1,  2011,  remain unaffected. 

Overall compensation 2014 in accordance with the German Corporate
Governance Code (the 'Code')

The recommendation of the Code to individually disclose the compensation components for each
Executive Board member and to use the sample tables attached to the Code is implemented in the
following. 

Benefits granted in accordance with the Code
In the following table,  the benefits granted for the 2013 and 2014 financial years are disclosed
including other benefits and service costs,  and also including the maximum and minimum
achievable compensation. 
In accordance with the requirements of the Code,  the Performance Bonus is disclosed with the
amount granted in case of 100% target achievement.  Pursuant to the recommendations of the
Code,  the LTIP Bonus resulting from the LTIP 2012/2014 measured over a three-year period is to be
indicated with the pro rata temporis target amount of an 'average probability scenario' at the time
of granting,  whereas adidas AG takes the 100% target amount as the basis. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Table 03

14

33
20

Based on the Supervisory Board's determination outlined above,  the overall compensation of the
Executive Board for the 2014 financial year amounts to € 17083 million (2013: € 6500 million). 
Although the Executive Board was granted a Performance Bonus and LTIP Bonus well below the
individual target bonuses as the targets set for the 2014 Performance Bonus and the LTIP Bonus
were not achieved,  the overall compensation increased significantly compared to the 2013 financial
year.  This increase is attributable to the payout of the LTIP Bonus resulting from the LTIP 2012/2014
measured over a three-year period and to the increased number of Executive Board members.  In
addition,  the service costs for the pension commitments of Glenn Bennett and Robin J.  Stalker
increased,  as the targeted individual pension level was raised effective March 6,  2015. 

To Our Shareholders
Compensation Report 
/ 016 
/

02   /   Benefits granted  (€)
Benefits granted 
Herbert Hainer
CEO

Roland Auschel
Executive Board member,  Global Sales
Since October 1,  2013

2014

Fixed compensation
Other benefits
Total 
2013

2014 (min. )

2014 (max. )

2014

2013

2014 (min. )

2014 (max. )

1500000

1481989

1500000

1500000

550000

137500

550000

35397

53744

35397

35397

19931

4704

19931

550000
19931

1535397

1535733

1535397

1535397

569931

142204

569931

569931

One-year variable compensation 1)

1273080

1273080



1909620

400000

100000



600000

Multi-year variable compensation 
1540000

1540000



2310000

550000

137500



825000

  LTIP 2012/2014 2)

1540000

1540000



2310000

550000

137500



825000

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

4348477

4348813

1535397

5755017

1519931

379704

569931

1994931

  Follow-up bonus 3)
Total
Service cost 4)
Overall compensation 
330836

331765

330836

330836

390536

97612

390536

390536

4679313

4680578

1866233

6085853

1910467

477316

960467

2385467

Benefits granted 
Glenn Bennett
Executive Board member,  Global Sales 
Eric Liedtke
Executive Board member,  Global Brands
Since March 6,  2014

2014 5)

Fixed compensation
Other benefits
20

14

34

Total 
2013 6)

2014 (min. )

2014 (max. )

2014

2013

2014 (min. )

2014 (max. )

546029

546563

546029

546029

409946

n, a. 

409946

15761

15822

15761

15761

13130

n, a. 

13130

409946
13130

561790

562385

561790

561790

423076

n, a. 

423076

423076

One-year variable compensation 1)

370292

370654



555438

333333

n, a. 



500000

Multi-year variable compensation 
839726

840548



1259589

437500

n, a. 



656250

  LTIP 2012/2014 2)

839726

840548



1259589

437500

n, a. 



656250

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

1771808

1773587

561790

2376817

1193909

n, a. 

423076

1579326

  Follow-up bonus 3)
Total
Service cost 4)
Overall compensation 
756632

112614

756632

756632

315951

n, a. 

315951

315951

2528440

1886201

1318422

3133449

1509860

n, a. 

739027

1895277

Benefits granted 
Robin J.  Stalker
Chief Financial Officer 
Erich Stamminger
Executive Board member,  Global Brands
Until March 6,  2014

2014

Fixed compensation
Other benefits
Total 
2013

2014 (min. )

2014 (max. )

2014

2013

2014 (min. )

2014 (max. )

605000

605000

605000

605000

192500

770000

192500

18617

15966

18617

18617

10266

50068

10266

192500
10266

623617

620966

623617

623617

202766

820068

202766

202766

One-year variable compensation 1)

402730

402730



604095



742630





Multi-year variable compensation 
770000

770000



1155000

603387

990000

603387

603387

  LTIP 2012/2014 2)

770000

770000



1155000



990000





n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

603387

n, a. 

603387

603387

1796347

1793696

623617

2382712

806153

2552698

806153

806153

907791

240980

907791

907791

147679

157369

147679

147679

2704138

2034676

1531408

3290503

953832

2710067

953832

953832

  Follow-up bonus 3)
Total
Service cost 4)
Overall compensation 
1)  o Performance Bonus granted to Erich Stamminger for 2014 due to his resignation effective March 6,  2014.  Contractually agreed Performance Bonus target amount 2014 for Eric Liedtke

effective March 6,  2014 due to his appointment during the year. 
2)  ontractually agreed LTIP Bonus target amount 2012/2014 due to the appointment of Roland Auschel (effective October 1,  2013) and Eric Liedtke (effective March 6,  2014) during the plan term. 

Contractually agreed LTIP Bonus target amount 2012/2014 due to the resignation of Erich Stamminger (effective March 6,  2014) during the plan term. 
3)  ontractually agreed follow-up bonus for Erich Stamminger: € 362032 for the period from March 6,  2014 to March 5,  2015,  payable by the end of March 2015,  and € 241355 for the period from

March 6,  2015 to March 5,  2016,  payable by the end of March 2016. 
4)  ncrease of the service costs for Glenn Bennett and Robin J.  Stalker for the 2014 financial year due to amendment of the Pension Agreements effective March 6,  2015,  comprising the 2014

service cost and the 2014 past service cost. 
5) Exchange rate 13296 $/€ (annual average rate 2014). 
6) Exchange rate 13283 $/€ (annual average rate 2013). 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
To Our Shareholders
Compensation Report 
/ 016 
/

Allocation in accordance with the Code
Pursuant to the recommendations of the Code,  the fixed compensation,  other benefits and the
service costs as well as the Performance Bonus are to be disclosed as an allocation for the financial
year in which the compensation was granted.  As stipulated by the Code,  the LTIP Bonus resulting
from the LTIP 2012/2014 measured over a three-year period is disclosed for the year in which the
plan ends,  i, e.  for the 2014 financial year. 

03   /  Allocation 
(€)
Allocation 
Herbert Hainer
CEO

Roland Auschel
Executive Board member,  Global Sales 
Glenn Bennett
Executive Board member,  Global Sales 
Since October 1,  2013
2014

2013

2014

2013

2014 1)

1500000

1481989

550000

137500

546029

35397

53744

19931

4704

15761

15822

1535397

1535733

569931

142204

561790

562385

One-year variable compensation 3)

700194

827502

220000

65000

203660

240925

Multi-year variable compensation 
3234000



481250



1763425



  LTIP 2012/2014 4)

3234000



481250



1763425



Total 
  Follow-up bonus 5)
Total
Service cost 6)

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

5469591

2363235

1271181

207204

2528875

803310

330836

331765

390536

97612

756632

112614

5800427

2695000

1661717

304816

3285507

915924

35
20

Overall compensation 
546563

14

Fixed compensation
Other benefits 
2013 2)

Allocation 
Eric Liedtke
Executive Board member,  Global Brands 
Robin J.  Stalker
Chief Financial Officer 
Erich Stamminger
Executive Board member,  Global Brands 
Since March 6,  2014
2014

Fixed compensation
Other benefits
Total 
Until March 6,  2014
2013

2014

2013

2014

2013

409946

n, a. 

605000

605000

192500

770000

13130

n, a. 

18617

15966

10266

50068

423076

n, a. 

623617

620966

202766

820068
482710

One-year variable compensation 3)

183333

n, a. 

221502

261775



Multi-year variable compensation 
306250

n, a. 

1617000



1386000



  LTIP 2012/2014 4)

306250

n, a. 

1617000



1386000



  Follow-up bonus 5)
Total
Service cost 6)
Overall compensation 
n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

n, a. 

912659

n, a. 

2462119

882741

1588766

1302778

315951

n, a. 

907791

240980

147679

157369

1228610

n, a. 

3369910

1123721

1736445

1460147

1) Exchange rate 13296 $/€ (annual average rate 2014). 
2) Exchange rate 13283 $/€ (annual average rate 2013). 
3)  o Performance Bonus granted to Erich Stamminger for 2014 due to his resignation effective March 6,  2014.  Pro rata temporis Performance Bonus 2014 for Eric Liedtke effective March 6,  2014

due to his appointment during the year. 
4)  ro rata temporis LTIP Bonus 2012/2014 due to the appointment of Roland Auschel (effective October 1,  2013) and Eric Liedtke (effective March 6,  2014) during the plan term.  Pro rata temporis

LTIP Bonus 2012/2014 due to the resignation of Erich Stamminger (effective March 6,  2014) during the plan term. 
5)  ayout of the follow-up bonus to Erich Stamminger at the end of March 2015 and March 2016. 

6)  ncrease of the service costs for Glenn Bennett and Robin J.  Stalker for the 2014 financial year due to amendment of the Pension Agreements effective March 6,  2015 comprising the 2014

service cost and the 2014 past service cost. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
To Our Shareholders
Compensation Report 
/ 016 
/

As a variable compensation component with long-term incentive effect,  our Executive Board will be
granted a new Long-Term Incentive Plan,  also covering a three-year period,  as of the 2015 financial
year. 

Payments to former members of the Executive Board and their surviving
dependants
In 2014,  pension payments to former Executive Board members or to their surviving dependants
amounted to € 3458 million 
(2013: € 3421 million).  As at December 31,  2014,  the provisions for
pension entitlements of this group of persons totalled € 45900 million (2013: € 41454 million).  The
increase can mainly be attributed to a lowering of the underlying interest rate from 37% to 21%. 
There are further pension commitments towards three former Executive Board members
who resigned after December 31,  2005,  which are covered by a pension fund or a pension fund
in combination with a reinsured pension trust fund.  From this,  indirect obligations amounting
to € 13576 million (prior year: € 6859 million) arise for adidas AG,  for which no accruals were
established due to financing through the pension fund and pension trust fund.  This increase is
attributable to the resignation of Erich Stamminger and a lowering of the underlying interest rate. 
The dynamisation of the pensions paid to former Executive Board members is effected in accordance
with statutory regulations or regulations under collective agreements,  unless a surplus from the
pension fund is used for an increase in pension benefits after pension payments have already begun. 

20

14

36

Review of Executive Board compensation
In 2014,  the Supervisory Board had the Executive Board compensation system reviewed with regard
to appropriateness by an independent external compensation expert.  In doing so,  the individual
overall target annual compensation of the Executive Board members was examined in detail.  The
review found that the compensation meets the requirements of the German Stock Corporation Actbut that,  compared to other companies,  there is a need for action especially concerning the pension
plans of the Executive Board members and that there is therefore room for a moderate increase,  in
order to thus ensure competitive compensation. 

Compensation of the Supervisory Board
The compensation of the Supervisory Board members is regulated by § 18 of the company's
Articles of Association and is linked to the size of the company and to the responsibility and scope
of activities of the Supervisory Board members.  After the end of the respective financial yearthe members receive a fixed compensation amount for their function as well as compensation
for the chairmanship of or membership in committees,  in accordance with the Code.  Variable
compensation is not granted in addition.   Supervisory Board members who have not been members
of the Supervisory Board for the entire financial year receive a pro-rated amount of compensation. 
For the 2014 financial year,  each individual member of the Supervisory Board received € 40000 as
fixed annual compensation; three times this amount was paid to the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board and twice this amount was paid to each Deputy Chairperson.  Members of the General
Committee and of the Finance and Investment Committee received additional compensation of
€ 20000 and members of the Audit Committee received additional compensation of € 40000.  In
addition to the fixed compensation,  the Chairman of the General Committee and of the Finance 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
To Our Shareholders
Compensation Report 
/ 016 
/

and Investment Committee received annual compensation of € 40000,  while the Chairman of
the Audit Committee received € 60000.  The remuneration paid for committee chairmanship
also covers the membership in such committee.  The members of the Steering Committee,  the
Mediation Committee,  the Nomination Committee and committees which are established ad
hoc do not receive additional compensation.  If a Supervisory Board member is in more than one
committee,  the member only receives compensation for his/her task in the committee with the
highest compensation.  The Supervisory Board members are reimbursed for all expenses incurred
in connection with their mandates as well as for the VAT payable on their compensation,  insofar as
they charge for it separately. 
The total compensation paid to our Supervisory Board in the 2014 financial year amounted to
€ 092 million (2013: € 092 million). 
At the Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2014,  the shareholders resolved an increase of the fixed
annual compensation from € 40000 to € 50000 as well as an attendance fee amounting to € 750 for
each meeting requiring personal attendance with effect from the 2015 financial year.  The structure
concerning compensation for the Supervisory Board chairmanship and deputy chairmanship as well
as chairmanship or membership of a committee set out in § 18 of the Articles of Association of the
company remains unchanged. 

Other benefits and additional commitments 
37
20

14

The Supervisory Board members did not receive any loans or advance payments from adidas AG. 

04   /   Compensation of the Supervisory Board members  (in €)
2014

2013

Igor Landau (Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  Chairman of the General Comittee)

160000

160000

Sabine Bauer (Deputy Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board,  Member of the General Committee)

100000

100000

Willi Schwerdtle (Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  Member of the General Committee)

100000

100000

Dieter Hauenstein 
40000

40000

Dr.  Wolfgang Jäger (Member of the Audit Committee)

80000

80000

Dr.  Stefan Jentzsch (Member of the Audit Committee)

80000

80000

100000

100000

Katja Kraus 1)

25973

n, a. 

Kathrin Menges 1)

25973

n, a. 

Roland Nosko (Member of the General Committee)

60000

60000

Hans Ruprecht (Member of the Audit Committee)

80000

80000

Heidi Thaler-Veh 
40000

40000

Alexander Popov 2)

14027

40000

Christian Tourres 2)

14027

40000

920000

920000

Supervisory Board members incumbent as at December 31,  2014

Herbert Kauffmann (Chairman of the Audit Committee)

Supervisory Board members incumbent until the end of the Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2014

Total
1) First-time Supervisory Board member since the end of the Annual General Meeting held on May 8,  2014. 
2) Supervisory Board member until the end of the Annual General Meeting held on May 8,  2014. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 


To Our Shareholders
Our Share 
/ 017 
/

Our Share 
 1)

In 2014,  international stock market performance was mixed,  characterised by volatile
movements.  While the DAX-30 increased slightly by 3%,  the MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel
& Luxury Goods Index declined 4%.  Following a strong outperformance versus the overall
market development in 2013,  the adidas AG share faced significant pressure in 2014underperforming both indices and declining 38% versus the prior year.  The share price
was negatively impacted as a result of the Group's lowered financial outlook for 2014. 
This adjustment was mainly due to the continued weakness in the golf market,  negative
economic developments in Russia/CIS as well as ongoing currency headwinds.  Given
Management's confidence in the strength of the Group's financial position and long-term
aspirations,  we intend to propose an unchanged dividend per share of € 150 at our 2015
Annual General Meeting. 

Mixed international stock market development in 2014

20

14

38

In 2014,  the performance of international stock markets was mixed,  with European indices trading
sideways,  while US equities gained strongly,  thereby clearly outperforming international indices. 
Ongoing expansionary ECB policy,  robust US economic data as well as an accommodative monetary
policy in China and Japan were key positive catalysts for international stock markets.  In particularthe Fed's signals of a patient approach to rising interest rates as well as robust leading US economic
indicators,  with the unemployment rate improving to a six-year low and monthly exports approaching
new all-time highs,  provided support for US equity markets.  However,  disappointing growth trends
in the euro area as well as geopolitical risk factors,  such as the crisis in Ukraine,  remained a
key headwind for equity markets during 2014.  In addition,  negative economic trends in Asia and
emerging economies as well as the plunge in both the oil price and the Russian rouble weighed on
investor sentiment and led to an overall volatile trading environment.  Accordingly,  while the DAX-30
increased 3%,  the MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury Goods Index declined 4% in 2014.  The Dow
Jones Index gained 10% during the period. 

see Table 01

adidas AG share price suffers considerably
Following a strong outperformance versus the overall market development,  the adidas AG share
reached an all-time high at the end of 2013.  As a result,  the beginning of 2014 was characterised
by profit-taking by some investors.  In mid-January,  the adidas AG share reversed its previous
weakness,  driven by several positive analyst commentaries,  and reached a new all-time high of
€ 9292 on January 22,  2014.  However,  the adidas AG share suffered strong losses during the
remainder of the first quarter following the publication of the adidas Group's 2013 full year financial
results on March 5,  2014.  While full year 2013 results came in slightly above market expectationsthe Group's full year 2014 outlook disappointed most market participants. 

01   /  
Historical performance of the adidas AG share and important indices 
at year-end 2014  (in %)
 year 
adidas AG
DAX-30
MSCI World TextilesApparel & Luxury Goods 
 years 
 years 
10 years 
Since IPO

(38)

15

53

94

496



66

65

130

346

(4)

51

108

177

397
1)  his section is part of the audited

Group Management Report. 

Source: Bloomberg. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
To Our Shareholders
Our Share 
/ 017 
/

adidas AG share at a glance 
02   /   Five-year share price development 1)   
  Dec.  31,  2009

Dec.  31,  2014  

250

200

150

100

50

DAX-30 

MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury Goods Index 
03   /   The adidas AG share
2014

Number of shares outstanding 1)

shares 
204327044

2013

209216186

Basic earnings per share 
€

272 2)

401 3)

Cash generated from operating activities per share 
€

336

303

Year-end price 
€

5762

9264

Year high 
€

9292

9264

Year low 
€

Dividend per share 
5389

6628

€ in million 
Market capitalisation 5)

11773

19382

€

Dividend payout 5)

€ in million 
Consumer
/ 
Dow Jones Sustainability 
Indices (World and Europe)
/ 
FTSE4Good Index Series
/ Euronext Vigeo 
314

539 2)

374 3)

(Eurozone 120,  Europe 120World 120)
/ Ethibel Index
(Pioneer and Excellence)
/ 
ECPI Ethical Index
(Euro and EMU)
/ 
STOXX Global ESG Leaders 


26

16

Shareholders' equity per share 5)

€

2753

2624



Apparel & Luxury Goods
/ 
Deutsche Börse Prime 
150

Dividend yield 
shares 
/ 
MSCI World Textiles
306



Price-earnings ratio at year-end 
/ DAX-30

150 4)

Dividend payout ratio 5)

Average trading volume per trading day 6)

Important indices 
212 2)
1356914

  All shares carry full dividend rights. 
1)
2) Excluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million. 
3) Excluding goodwill impairment of € 52 million. 
4) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 
5) Based on number of shares outstanding at year-end. 
6) Based on number of shares traded on all German stock exchanges. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
231 3)
842318

20

adidas AG 

14

39
1) Index: December 31,  2009  100. 

To Our Shareholders
Our Share 
/ 017 
/

04   /   2014 adidas AG high and low share prices per month 1)  (in €)
Jul 
Aug 
Sep 
30-day moving average   High and low share prices

Nov 
Dec 


6374
5514

6572
5986

5627

5709

5389

6203

6030
5550

5941

60

50

Oct 
7437

7850

Jun 
7286

7930
7664

May 
7960

8340

Apr 
7557

70

Mar 
7534

80

8673

90

Feb 
8102

9292

 
Jan 
8289

20

14

40

During the second quarter of 2014,  the adidas AG share faced additional pressures,  mainly as a
result of the overall equity market weakness.  In particular,  the continued depreciation of several
emerging market currencies versus the euro as well as geopolitical risk factors,  such as the crisis
in Ukraine,  negatively impacted the adidas AG share price development,  given the adidas Group's
high percentage of sales in emerging markets.  In addition,  negative newsflow with regard to the golf
market as well as unfavourable point-of-sale data in North America increased negative sentiment
towards the adidas AG share in June.  On July 31,  the adidas Group lowered its financial outlook for
2014 and postponed the delivery of its Route 2015 targets,  mainly due to the continued weakness
in the golf market,  negative developments in Russia/CIS as well as ongoing currency headwindsresulting in a significant share price decrease.  Following the publication of the adidas Group's
first half results on August 7,  the adidas AG share suffered further losses,  as market participants
remained concerned about the Group's future top- and bottom-line development,  waiting for
clear signals of better execution before turning more constructive on the adidas AG share again. 
During the first half of the fourth quarter of 2014,  the adidas AG share recovered and gained
steadily,  supported by positive market feedback following the release of the nine months results
on November 7,  with both top and bottom line exceeding market expectations.  In particular,  robust
sales momentum at both adidas and Reebok,  ongoing strong performances in Western Europe
and emerging markets as well as Management's confirmation of the full year 2014 guidance was
well received by market participants.  However,  towards the end of the year,  the adidas AG share
again came under pressure,  following several analyst reports indicating further margin pressure
in 2015,  mainly due to the significant depreciation of the Russian rouble.  As a result,  the adidas AG
share closed 2014 at € 5762,  representing a 38% decrease over the year.  This implies a market
capitalisation of € 118 billion at the end of 2014 versus € 194 billion at the end of 2013. 

Source: Bloomberg. 

1) Based on daily Xetra closing prices. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Diagram 02
see Diagram 03

To Our Shareholders
Our Share 
/ 017 
/

Average daily trading volume increases strongly
During 2014,  the average daily trading volume of the adidas AG share on all German stock exchanges
(excluding bank trades) increased strongly to 14 million shares (2013: 08 million).  The average daily
trading volume of the adidas AG share on alternative trading systems,  such as CHI-X,  Turquoise
and BATS Europe,  also almost doubled to 09 million shares per trading day (2013: 05 million). 
Share trading on OTC markets such as BOAT and EuroNext OTC decreased to 05 million shares per
trading day (2013: 11 million). 

Level 1 ADR performs in line with common stock
Our Level 1 ADR closed 2014 at US $ 3451,  representing a decrease of 46% versus the prior year
level (2013: US $ 6423).  The more pronounced decrease of the Level 1 ADR price compared to the
ordinary share price was due to the appreciation of the US dollar versus the euro at the end of 2014
compared to year-end 2013.  The number of Level 1 ADRs outstanding decreased to 59 million at
year-end 2014 compared to 92 million at the end of 2013.  The average daily trading volume more
than doubled to 80800 ADRs in 2014 (2013: 35800).  Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas runs
the adidas AG Level 1 ADR Programme.  Further information on our ADR Programme can be found
on our website. 

www, adidas-group, com/adr 
adidas AG share member of important indices
see Table 03
14

41
20

The adidas AG share is included in a variety of high-quality indices around the world,  most
importantly the DAX-30 and the MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury Goods Index.  The DAX-30 is a
blue chip stock market index consisting of the 30 major German companies trading on the Frankfurt
Stock Exchange.  The MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury Goods Index comprises our Group's
major competitors.  At December 31,  2014,  our weighting in the DAX-30,  which is calculated on
the basis of free float market capitalisation and twelve-month share turnover,  decreased to 147%
(2013: 236%).  Our lower weighting compared to the prior year was mainly due to the decrease in
market capitalisation of adidas AG which more than offset the increase in share turnover.  Within
the DAX-30,  we ranked 21 on market capitalisation (2013: 16) and 15 on turnover (2013: 17) at
year-end 2014.  Additionally,  in recognition of our social and environmental efforts,  adidas AG is
listed in several key sustainability indices. 

see Sustainability,  p.  89

Convertible bond closes the year at € 10895
In March 2012,  adidas AG successfully issued a convertible bond,  due on June 14,  2019,  for an
aggregate nominal amount of € 500 million.  The bonds are not callable by the issuer or putable by
the bondholders until June 2017.  The bonds are convertible into up to 606 million new or existing
adidas AG shares.  Proceeds from the offering have allowed the Group to further optimise its debt
structure.  The bonds were priced with a 025% annual coupon and a conversion premium of 40%
above the reference price of € 5961,  resulting in an initial conversion price of € 8346 per share.  As
 consequence of contractual provisions relating to dividend protection,  the conversion price was
adjusted to € 8256 per share.  This adjustment became effective on May 9,  2014.  The convertible
bond closed the year at € 10895,  below the prior year value level of € 12996. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Note 18,  p.  213

To Our Shareholders
Our Share 
/ 017 
/

Dividend proposal of € 150 per share
Given their confidence in the strength of the Group's financial position and long-term aspirations,  the
adidas AG Executive and Supervisory Boards intend to again recommend paying a dividend of € 150
to shareholders at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) on May 7,  2015 (2013: € 150).  Subject to the
meeting's approval,  the dividend will be paid on May 8,  2015.  The total payout of € 306 million (2013:
€ 314 million) reflects a payout ratio of 539% of net income attributable to shareholders,  excluding
goodwill impairment losses,  versus 374% in the prior year.  While this is above our target ratio of
between 20% and 40% of net income attributable to shareholders,  it reflects our commitment to a
reliable dividend policy aimed towards continuity. 

see Table 03

Shareholder return programme initiated
On October 1,  2014,  adidas AG announced a multi-year shareholder return programme of up to
€ 15 billion in total to be completed by December 31,  2017.  The shareholder return programme will
be executed primarily by buying back shares via the stock exchange under the authorisation given by
the Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2014,  for the period through to May 7,  2019.  The authorisation
covers the repurchase of up to 10% of the company's share capital on the stock exchange,  currently
representing 20921618 shares,  subject to advantageous market conditions. 

20

14

42

On December 15,  2014,  adidas AG announced the completion of a first tranche of the share buyback
programme.  The total number of shares which adidas AG bought back within the framework of
the first tranche of the share buyback programme in the period from November 7,  2014 up to and
including December 12,  2014 amounted to 4889142 shares.  This corresponds to 234% of the
company's nominal capital.  The average purchase price per share was € 6136.  A total price of
€ 299999987 (excluding incidental purchasing costs) was paid to buy back the shares. 

Strong international investor base
Based on our share register,  we estimate that adidas AG currently has around 95000 shareholders. 
In our latest ownership analysis conducted in February 2015,  we identified around 93% of our shares
outstanding.  Institutional investors represent the largest investor group,  holding 77% of shares
outstanding.  Undisclosed holdings,  which also include private investors,  account for 20%.  Current
members of the adidas Group Executive and Supervisory Boards hold less than 1% in total.  Lastlyfollowing the completion of the first tranche of our share buyback programme,  adidas AG currently
holds 2% of the company's shares as treasury shares. 

05   /   Shareholder structure by investor group 1)   

34


2014


1) As of February 2015. 

see Diagram 05

06   /   Shareholder structure by region 1)   

 /	 77%	Institutional investors
 /	 20%	 Other,  undisclosed holdings
2%	 Treasury shares
 /	
Members of the adidas
 /	<1%	
Group Executive and
Supervisory Boards 



4



2014

2

1) As of February 2015. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	

34%	 North America
23%	 Rest of the world
16%	 United Kingdom
10%	Germany
10%	Switzerland
7%	France 
To Our Shareholders
Our Share 
/ 017 
/

In terms of geographical distribution,  the North American market currently accounts for 34% of
institutional shareholdings,  followed by the UK with 16% and Switzerland with 10%.  Identified
German institutional investors hold 10% of shares outstanding and France accounts for 7%.  23% of
institutional shareholders were identified in other regions of the world. 

see Diagram 06

Voting rights notifications published
All voting rights notifications received in 2014 and thereafter in accordance with §§ 21 section 125 section 1 and 25a of the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz WpHG) can
be viewed on our corporate website.  Information on reportable shareholdings that currently exceed
or fall below a certain threshold can also be found in the Notes section of this Annual Report. 

 
www, adidas-group, com/votingrightsnotifications
see Note 26,  p.  221

Directors' dealings reported on corporate website
The purchase or sale of adidas AG shares (ISIN DE000A1EWWW0) or related financial instrumentsas defined by § 15a WpHG,  conducted by members of our Executive or Supervisory Boards,  by key
executives or by any person in close relationship with these persons,  is reported on our website.  In
2014,  adidas AG received five notifications pursuant to § 15a WpHG: Herbert Kauffmann,  member
of the adidas AG Supervisory Board,  purchased 1000 shares on August 7,  2014,  Herbert HainerCEO of adidas AG,  purchased 7000 shares on August 12,  2014,  Robin J.  Stalker,  CFO of adidas
AG,  purchased 1750 shares on August 12,  2014 and Willi Schwerdtle,  member of the adidas AG
Supervisory Board,  purchased a total of 1615 shares in two transactions on November 11,  2014. 

www, adidas-Group, com/directorsdealings 
adidas AG share again receives strong analyst support 
43
20

14

The adidas Group and the adidas AG share continued to receive strong analyst attention in 2014. 
Around 35 analysts from investment banks and brokerage firms regularly published research
reports on our Group.  As a consequence of the overall adidas AG share price development
in 2014,  the vast majority of analysts updated their recommendations as well as target prices
during the twelve-month period.  This is reflected in the recommendation split for our share as at
December 31,  2014.  24% of analysts recommended investors to 'buy' our share (2013: 74%).  57%
advised to 'hold' our share (2013: 19%) and 19% of the analysts recommended to 'sell' our share
(2013: 7%). 

Successful Investor Relations activities
adidas AG strives to maintain close contact to institutional and private shareholders as well as
analysts.  In 2014,  Management and the Investor Relations team spent 29 days on roadshows and
also spent 17 days presenting at 12 national and international conferences. 
In July 2014,  the adidas Group Annual Report once again won the Best of Corporate Publishing (BCP)
Award.  This is the second time in three years that the adidas Group Annual Report has received this
prestigious award. 

Extensive financial information available online
We offer extensive information around our share as well as the adidas Group's strategy and financial
results on our corporate website.  Our event calendar lists all conferences and roadshows we attend
and provides all presentations for download.  In addition to live webcasts of all major events such as
our Analyst Conferences,  the Annual General Meeting and Investor Days,  we also offer webcasts of
our quarterly conference calls. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
www, adidas-group, com/investors 
GROUP
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

021
022
023
024
025
026
027
028

Group Str ateg y	
46
Global Sales Str ategy 	
49
 l o b a l B r a n d s S t r a t e g y	
53
 ther Businesses Str ateg y	
60
 l o b a l O p e r a t i o n s	
66
Research and Development	
73
Employees	82
 u s t a i n a b i l i t y	 8 9

 R O U P M A N A G E M E N T R E P O R T:
This report contains the Group Management Report of the adidas Groupcomprising adidas AG and its consolidated subsidiaries,  and the
Management Report of adidas AG. 

  O U R G R O U P 

OUR

02



Group Management Report Our Group
Group Strategy 
/ 021 
/

Group Strategy
The adidas Group strives to inspire and enable people to harness the power of sport in their
lives.  Inspired by our heritage,  we know that a profound understanding of the consumer
and their journey in sport is essential to achieving this goal.  To anticipate and respond
to their needs,  we continuously strive to create a culture of innovation and creativity.  By
harnessing this culture together with our insights and knowledge of sport,  we push the
boundaries of products,  services and processes to drive a long-term strategic advantage. 
This,  in turn,  will drive value creation for our company and our shareholders. 

Diverse brand portfolio
We are a sports company.  Our brands are driven to create and innovate through a common passion
for sport and a sporting lifestyle.  To maximise our consumer reach,  we have embraced a multi-brand
strategy.  Consumers want choice.  Whether it is the athlete looking for the best possible equipmentor the lifestyle consumer searching for the next fashion trend,  we are inspired to develop and create
products,  experiences and services that engage consumers in long-lasting relationships with our
brands.  This approach allows us to tackle opportunities from several perspectives,  as both a mass
and a niche player,  providing distinct and relevant products to a wide spectrum of consumers.  In
this way,  each brand is able to keep a unique identity and focus on its core competencies,  while
simultaneously providing our Group with a broad product offering,  increasing our leverage in the
marketplace. 
20

14

46

see Global Brands Strategy,  p.  53

Investments focused on highest-potential markets and channels
As a Group,  we target strong market positions in all markets in which we compete.  Howeverwe have prioritised our investments based on those markets which offer the best medium- to
long-term growth and profitability opportunities.  In this respect,  we place considerable emphasis
on expanding our activities in the emerging markets as well as building our market share in the USA
and Western Europe. 
No matter in which market we operate,  we recognise that consumer buying behaviour and the retail
landscape are unique.  Therefore,  to fully exploit market opportunities,  we tailor our distribution
strategy to present our brands to the consumer in the most impactful and seamless way.  This is
achieved by following a coordinated distribution through our omni-channel approach. 

see Global Sales Strategy,  p.  49

01   /   adidas Group strategic pillars 
Brand Portfolio 
Innovation 
Markets/Channels 
One Team 
Supply Chain 
Build and manage a
diverse brand portfolio
with distinctive
brands covering
consumers from sport

­ erformance to sport
lifestyle. 

Maintain a culture of
continuous innovation
through improvements
of products,  services
and processes. 

Focus investment on
the highest-potential
markets and our
distinct channel
approach. 

Develop a team that
is grounded in our
rich heritage,  that
is committed to the
positive values found in
sport performancepassion,  integrity and
diversity and that
values sustainability. 

Become closest to
every consumer by
building and managing
 supply chain that
quickly responds to
changing market needs
and supports multiple
distinct business
models. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Sustainable
Company
We strive to be a
sustainable company
that recognises its
responsibilities towards
the environment,  our
employees and the
people who make our
products. 

Group Management Report Our Group
Group Strategy 
/ 021 
/

Creating a flexible supply chain
Speed and agility are key to outpacing the competition,  providing a constant flow of new and
relevant products for our consumers and high service levels for our customers.  We are committed
to meeting the full range of consumer needs by providing game-changing technical innovations for
sport,  creating and driving trends in streetwear through our sports-inspired lifestyle products,  while
ensuring constant product availability in the correct size and colour to the highest quality standards. 
 key strategic priority is to enable faster product creation and production by continuously improving
our infrastructure,  processes and systems.  By sharing information from point of sale to source and
vice versa,  we strive to connect and more closely integrate the various elements of our supply chainto enable quick reaction to changing consumer trends.  To this end,  we focus on building maximum
flexibility within our supply chain.  While leveraging the efficiency of common infrastructure and
processes,  the Group strives to provide tailored solutions for all our business models,  be it the
wholesale or retail channels,  or the performance-oriented or style-oriented businesses. 

see Global Operations,  p.  66

Leading through innovation 
Develop a team grounded in our heritage in sport
Our culture is continuously shaped by influences from the past and the present as well as our future
aspirations.  We perpetuate the commitment of our founder,  Adi Dassler,  to the athlete and consumerpride in what we do,  quality and love of sport.  We win as a team through open communicationcollaboration and our shared values found in sport.  Therefore,  we foster a corporate culture of
performance,  passion,  integrity and diversity by creating a work environment that stimulates
innovation,  team spirit and achievement based on strong leadership and employee engagement. 

see Employees,  p.  82

  Shared values
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 

Performance
Passion
Integrity
Diversity 
These are the adidas Group values.  They
help us to create brands that our consumers
believe in,  and they commit us to playing by
the rules that society expects of a responsible
company. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
47
14

see Research and Development,  p.  73
see Global Sales Strategy,  p.  49

20

Every adidas Group employee is responsible for driving innovation.  Therefore,  we foster a culture of
challenging convention and embracing change,  and we require all areas of the Group to generate
at least one new innovation or meaningful improvement per year.  In particular,  we believe that
technological evolution and cutting-edge design in our products are essential to achieving
sustainable leadership in our industry.  Beyond this,  enhancing services for our customers and
implementing more efficient and effective internal processes are other areas where our organisation
strives to innovate. 

Group Management Report Our Group
Group Strategy 
/ 021 
/

Focusing on sustainability
Like any global business,  the adidas Group must manage wide-ranging commercial and competitive
pressure to deliver increased financial returns and growth.  At the same time,  we are accountable
for our employees and have a high degree of responsibility towards the workers in our suppliers'
factories and also for the environment.  We are committed to striking the balance between
shareholder interests and the needs and concerns of employees and workers,  as well as the
environment.  We report publicly on the steps we take to have a more positive impact on society and
the planet on our website. 

 
see Sustainability,  p.  89
www, adidas-group, com 
Creating long-term shareholder value
Creating long-term value for our shareholders through strong and consistent operating cash flow
generation drives our overall decision-making process.  Therefore,  we are focused on rigorously
managing those factors under our control,  making strategic choices that will drive sustainable
revenue and earnings growth,  and ultimately operating cash flow.  Across our operations,  we pursue
in particular the avenues for growth which we expect to be most value-enhancing,  with particular
emphasis on improving brand strength and Group profitability.  In addition,  rigorously managing
working capital and optimising our capital structure remain key priorities for us.  Furthermorewe are committed to increasing returns to shareholders with above-industry-average share price
performance and dividends. 

see Internal Group Management System,  p.  98

see Our Share,  p.  38

adidas Group new strategic goals to be announced in 2015
20

14

48

In November 2010,  the Group unveiled its 2015 strategic business plan named 'Route 2015',  which
defined strategies and objectives for the period up to 2015.  Since its introduction,  the plan has
resulted in significant improvements in many of our business areas.  We have,  for example,  already
over-achieved our target of increasing the share of revenues from controlled space activities to
more than 45% by 2015.  In addition,  we have multiplied our eCommerce business over the last
couple of years and are well on track to achieving the targeted sales level of € 500 million through
this channel by 2015.  We have also successfully expanded our fast fashion adidas NEO labelincreasing revenues for this sub-brand to over € 800 million in 2014 and building valuable expertise
in a vertical business model.  Additionally,  we have significantly reduced complexity on a Group level
by streamlining the global product range,  consolidating our warehouse base as well as harmonising
above-market service.  Furthermore,  our Global Operations function has been very successful in
establishing in-season product creation capabilities and in significantly reducing lead times for
both footwear and apparel.  These achievements have set new standards with regard to productivityefficiency and flexibility within our supply chain. 
In 2014,  however,  mainly due to the continued weakness in the golf market,  negative economic
developments in Russia/CIS as well as ongoing currency headwinds,  the Group postponed the
delivery of its top- and bottom-line Route 2015 targets.  As a result,  the Group has been undergoing a
thorough review of its strategic priorities and organisational set-up throughout 2014 and early 2015. 
In a first step,  to strengthen brand leadership as well as drive faster decision-making and more
effective and efficient consumer-focused strategies and execution in the marketplace,  Management
initiated a reorganisation of the Global Brands and Global Sales structures.  The Group will release
the full details on its updated strategies at the end of March 2015. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Glossary,  p.  258



Group Management Report Our Group
Global Sales Strategy 
/ 022 
/

Global Sales Strategy
Global Sales drives the commercial performance of the adidas Group by building brand
desire and by consistently meeting consumer needs across all touch points.  Global Sales
is responsible for all commercial activities of the adidas and Reebok brands.  In 2014we reviewed our sales strategy to enable and propel a heightened consumer-centric
omni-channel mindset.  As the consumer environment becomes even more dynamic with
trends quickly changing,  we are also increasing our focus on anticipating these changes
and responding with speed. 

Market set-up consolidated
All of our markets across the globe are managed by the Global Sales function and supported by a
centralised Sales Strategy & Excellence team which was created in 2014.  Our market organisations
are responsible for driving sustainable and profitable market share growth while increasing brand
desirability.  They are in charge of all our distribution channels Wholesale including FranchiseOwn Retail and eCommerce within their geography.  We tailor the way we serve our consumers
according to the local needs.  Our channel mix therefore varies across markets. 

We see significant growth opportunities for our brands across the globe.  Western Europe,  North
America,  Greater China and Russia/CIS are our key markets.  We have initiated a major revamp of
our business in North America.  We are directing substantial resources into this key geography with
the objective to increase desire for our brands and products,  strengthen their relevance amongst
US consumers and improve execution at the point of sale,  thus achieving significant market share
gains.  In Greater China,  we are further optimising the way we serve local consumers with the goal
to become market leader.  Given the economic and political uncertainty in Russia/CIS,  we continue to
closely monitor the developments in this region.  We have adjusted our investment plans to account
for current market risks.  While we firmly believe in the long-term potential of the market,  the 
01   /   didas Performance execution in Karstadt Sports

Hamburg,  Germany 
 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

49
20

In order to reduce organisational complexity and increase consistency in execution,  in 2014,  we
further consolidated our market structure by creating nine global markets.  In the course of 2014we for example successfully integrated all Western European markets.  As a result,  we have a fully
consistent approach to our European key account partners as well as to our direct-to-consumer
channels which are now operated by a single organisation. 

Group Management Report Our Group
Global Sales Strategy 
/ 022 
/

short-term fundamentals of the business have changed materially due to the rapid depreciation of
the Russian rouble in 2014 and the considerable risk of further deterioration in consumer spending. 
Therefore,  we have and will continue to accelerate our real estate and inventory management
initiatives. 
We also address opportunities in growth markets including Latin America and other emerging
markets.  Similarly to Western Europe,  we have consolidated the organisation in Latin America.  We
will drive the Own Retail and eCommerce expansion to enable our ambitious growth plans in this
region.  In other emerging markets such as the Middle East and North Africa,  Turkey or India,  we will
further exploit the potential of new and fast-growing markets across these regions with excellence
in execution. 

Adapting to changing consumer behaviour
Over the past years,  we identified fundamental changes in consumer behaviour.  Our findings
led us to review our organisational set-up and to refine internal processes to better adapt to the
ever-changing consumer environment. 

20

14

50

The newly created Sales Strategy & Excellence team embraces an omni-channel approach and
mindset as it combines all our sales channels our Wholesale including Franchise,  Own Retail
and eCommerce business under one roof.  In the past,  we had dedicated Centres of Excellence
for each of these channels.  The newly formed team develops the omni-channel sales strategy
and brings operational excellence to market organisations.  The team is also focused on exploiting
sales innovation to better serve our consumers.  Resources have therefore been dedicated to digital
innovation and the creation of new business models. 
We are confident that our new set-up will elevate our brand activation across the globe.  It is our
ambition to deliver the best branded shopping experiences at all consumer touch points,  exceeding
both customer and consumer expectations and accelerating our growth. 

02   /   didas Performance Store

Nuremberg,  Germany 
 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Glossary,  p.  258

Group Management Report Our Group
Global Sales Strategy    / ﻿

/ 022 
/

Global Sales initiatives to focus on omni-channel approach
We have defined long-term priorities and established initiatives that will drive growth,  our
omni-channel approach and consumer experience:

/ Distribution
Global Sales defines the vision and role for each channel from a holistic perspective to ensure
success at the point of sale. 
Wholesale and Franchise: To achieve profitable market share growth we strive to establish
long-term partnerships with the most dynamic retailers,  which include sporting goods chainsdepartment stores,  buying groups,  lifestyle retail chains,  e-tailers and franchisees.  We will focus
our joint efforts on early trend identification,  joint campaign planning,  shared inventories and
seamless consumer journeys.  A key emphasis will be on the execution at the point of sale with
managed space playing a crucial part in this. 

Our eCommerce business has experienced exceptional growth.  We believe that this growth
will continue to accelerate due to changing consumer needs and behaviour.  We will boost this
growth by further enhancements of consumer experience across our sites on the various digital
platforms including mobile.  Our omni-channel approach will also make eCommerce even more
complementary to the other channels. 

03   /   didas Originals Store

New York City 
 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Glossary,  p.  258

51
14

see Picture 02
see Picture 03

20

Direct-to-consumer (Own Retail and eCommerce): We are expecting strong growth from our
direct-to-consumer channel in the upcoming years.  Our Own Retail business is developing strongly
thanks to ongoing traffic increases,  more impactful brand activations and better conversion ratesdriving solid comparable store growth across our store portfolio.  We will be implementing a newdifferentiated and consistent customer service model in all stores to further improve the retail
metrics.  Concept stores will continue to play an essential role in building and sustaining brand
desirability.  In 2014,  we introduced our new HomeCourt and Neighbourhood retail concepts at
29 locations around the world.  We will carry on rolling out these as well as other new formats (e.g. 
women's) going forward. 

Group Management Report Our Group
Global Sales Strategy    / ﻿

/ 022 
/

Focus on key cities: Global metropolises such as London,  Paris,  New York,  Los Angeles,  Shanghai
or Tokyo play a key role in setting consumer trends.  We have therefore developed a detailed
omni-channel action plan for key cities across the globe.  It sets a global framework for how to
amplify brand desire in key cities.  This enables us to address our target consumer communities in
 more impactful way and supports us in targeting and better aligning our distribution within these
cities. 

/ Omni-channel
Seamless transitions amongst all channels are crucial for enhancement of the consumer shopping
experience.  We invest heavily into infrastructure and processes that will enable us to implement
omni-channel capabilities.  For example,  we piloted a 'click and collect' roll-out (consumers ordering
online and picking up products in-store) at a number of stores in 2014.  Furthermore,  we are actively
driving the integration of different consumer databases into a global CRM/loyalty programme.  We
are also dedicated to driving omni-channel consistency across all consumer touch points.  This
includes consistent messaging execution throughout the various physical points of sale as well as
digital platforms. 

20

14

52

/ Speed
Speed has always been a topic in our Route 2015 efforts and will remain a crucial topic for our next
Strategic Business Plan.  We will transform our sales processes significantly and we will increase
the share of product created closer to market.  Innovative speed models in our supply chain will
allow us to respond quickly to consumer needs.  We will be able to take immediate action in response
to changes to sell-out and fashion trends,  even within the given season.  This will create significant
top-line and margin potential. 
/ Innovation
With all the technological advances driving consumer behavioural changes in our industry,  the need
for exciting innovations in presenting and selling our products becomes increasingly important.  We
will fuel growth through greater utilisation of technology,  creation of new business models and
analysis of 'big data' to generate actionable insights.  Digital innovation in sales is one of the biggest
building blocks to win the consumer and we will be working with external and non-traditional
partners to execute some of these innovations. 
/ People
People are our most important asset and we aspire to have the best team in our industry.  We
invest in the development of our employees as we want them to become omni-channel experts
who understand both sales and brand management.  We will develop a new training programme in
2015 combining our comprehensive Wholesale and Retail programmes and adding omni-channel
content.  Job rotations and long-term switches between channels,  functions and geographies is
something we strongly encourage our sales talents to participate in.  We have also implemented a
leadership and management system to ensure consistent people management and development
across all our locations around the globe. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
adidas Online Store
  www, adidas, com 
Reebok Online Store
  www, reebok, com 


Group Management Report Our Group
Global Brands Strategy 
/ 023 
/

Global Brands Strategy
Global Brands is responsible for brand positioning,  brand strategy,  product creationinnovation and all the product and brand marketing functions of the adidas and Reebok
brands.  The primary objective of this portfolio strategy is to ensure that our brands
seize market share and category opportunities through well-defined and coordinated
go-to-market strategies.  Each brand is responsible for the execution of its strategic
focus by creating a constant stream of innovative and desirable products and generating
communication strategies that connect with their target consumer in an engaging and
compelling way. 

Driving the long-term development of adidas and Reebok
To secure long-term sustainable growth for the adidas Group,  Global Brands is focused on driving
the development of the adidas and Reebok brands.  The overall strategic goal is to build brands that
inspire and enable consumers to harness the power of sport in their lives. 

Global Brands also plays a key role in bringing efficiency initiatives to life,  by focusing on speedconsistency and consumer focus.  Among other things,  we are striving to present adidas and Reebok
in a more consistent way around the world in terms of ranges and pricing.  In the long term,  this
should lead to range size efficiencies,  higher levels of full-price sales and gross margin optimisation. 

Focus on the consumer
The consumer and creating consumer desire for our products is at the heart of everything Global
Brands does.  By constantly developing desirable products and inspiring brand experiences,  we
can drive sustainable and quality growth,  building a strong reputation and loyalty with consumers. 
Moreover,  we also understand that,  in order to have credible and authentic connections to create
such desirability with our consumers,  we must have the right market segmentation strategy.  As part
of its function,  Global Brands has mapped out our target consumer universe,  which spans from our
roots in sport,  the 'pure performer',  through to today's style setters who have embraced sporting
goods brands as part of their lifestyle. 
To be successful across consumer segments,  we acknowledge that a strategy of mass production or
mass marketing is no longer sufficient.  Only by identifying and understanding consumers' individual
motivations and goals for doing sport,  their lifestyle,  their fitness level,  where they are doing sport
and their buying habits can we create meaningful products,  services and experiences that build a
lasting impression and brand loyalty. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

53
20

Areas within adidas and Reebok that were identified as key contributors and game changers for the
adidas Group include:
/ 
Gaining sales and market share in the key global categories football,  running and basketball with
adidas Sport Performance. 
/ 
Expanding adidas Sport Style in fast fashion with the adidas NEO label. 
/ 
Maintaining adidas Originals' strong momentum with the fashion-driven lifestyle consumer. 
/ 
Establishing Reebok as the leading fitness brand. 

Group Management Report Our Group
Global Brands Strategy 
/ 023 
/

Brand architecture and differentiation
We believe that our Group's multi-brand portfolio gives us an important competitive advantage. 
Through our brand portfolio,  we seamlessly cover the sports and consumer segments we have
defined as strategically important to support our Group's ambition to inspire and engage people
to harness the power of sport in their lives.  Our portfolio of brands provides a depth of experience
and knowledge in the world's most popular individual and team sports as well as fitness activities. 
Each brand and sub-brand is responsible for bringing its own distinct identity and positioning to lifethrough the creation of products,  services and experiences that provide platforms and frameworks
for long-term market share and profitability improvements.  While adidas and Reebok each have
unique identities,  heritages,  technologies,  designs and reputations,  the strategic principles and
methods for driving future sales growth and profitability improvements are common to both.  These
include:
/ 
Leadership in product innovation to inspire and excite the consumer. 
/ 
Marketing and communication leadership to drive brand advocacy. 
/ 
Activation and validation via a relevant set of promotion partnerships. 
/ 
Extending brand reach and appeal through strategic partnerships. 

adidas strategic positioning 
20

14

54

No other brand has a more distinguished history and stronger connection with sport than adidas. 
As a true global brand with German roots,  adidas' mission is to be the best sports brand in the
world.  One major lever to achieve this is the brand's broad and unique sports product portfolio,  with
expertise spanning from footwear,  apparel and equipment for professional athletes to premium
fashion.  It allows adidas to address multiple consumer needs,  exploit market opportunities from
various angles as well as be less affected by one-dimensional market risks.  adidas' commitment to
product innovation with clearly defined benefits and its rich heritage differentiates the brand from
competitors and provides a solid platform for future growth. 

01   /   didas Sport Performance

therewillbehaters football campaign 
02   /   didas Sport Performance

Ultra Boost running shoe 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Our Group
Global Brands Strategy 
/ 023 
/

As part of our market segmentation strategy and to increase our appeal to a younger,  more
price-conscious generation of lifestyle consumers,  the adidas NEO label was established to cater
specifically to their needs.  adidas NEO targets the young fashionable teen,  aged between 14 and
19 years.  These teens are 'digital natives' and live for now.  They are ready to go,  discovering their
own way and style,  and the NEO label is all about them.  It is all about being open and engaged with
this teenage consumer,  enabling them to participate with the label and enjoy experiences that only
NEO can provide,  such as styling an outfit for Selena Gomez or being part of the NEO collection
created especially for the New York Fashion Week.  To ensure success,  the NEO formula employs a
'fast fashion' business model.  This means quick reaction to emerging trends through shorter lead
times and excellence in retail execution. 

55
see Picture 04

04   /  adidas NEO
Fall/winter 2014/15 campaign 
PICTURE YOURSELF IN

© 2014 adidas AG.  adidas,  the Globe logo and the 3-Stripes mark are registered trademarks of the adidas Group. 

03   /  adidas Originals
2015 Superstar campaign 
see Picture 03

14

The adidas Originals sub-brand strives to take the brand's unique heritage and design leadership to
capture further potential in the sports lifestyle and fashion market.  Streetwear and lifestyle sports
fashion represents a unique opportunity for sporting goods companies.  To be successful in this
market segment,  brand credibility and heritage is an important prerequisite.  These consumers are
looking for substance and craft and are inspired by stories and designs,  which we serve through the
iconic Trefoil logo and with products such as the Stan Smith,  Superstar,  ZX and Samba.  To ensure
sustainable success,  adidas Originals has to keep up to date with and set trends as well as remain
committed to serving consumer groups who are constantly looking for more options to express their
individuality. 

see Picture 01
see Picture 02

20

adidas is mainly targeting competitive sports based on innovation and technology with adidas Sport
Performance.  This sub-brand is the multi-sport specialist.  The target consumers range from sports
participants at the highest level to those inspired by sport or who simply love sport.  Everything at
adidas reflects the spirit of Adi Dassler,  the founder of the company.  The main objective is simple: to
make athletes better,  with innovation at the heart of all adidas Sport Performance products.  Footballrunning and basketball are our key strategic categories.  However,  to underline our credibility as the
multi-sport specialist and leverage our brand strength,  adidas also supports a wide range of other
sports and sports activities such as training,  outdoor,  American football,  rugby,  tennis,  baseballhandball,  volleyball,  badminton,  table tennis,  swimming,  cycling,  boxing and wrestling. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
LIVE YOUR STYLE
ADIDAS. COM/NEO

Group Management Report Our Group
Global Brands Strategy 
/ 023 
/

Reebok strategic positioning
Reebok is an American-inspired global brand with a deep fitness heritage and the mission to design
and create the best gear and experiences for the sport of fitness and for fitness athletes around the
globe.  Reebok strives to inspire people everywhere to be their absolute best physically,  mentally
and socially.  The 'Fit Generation' is Reebok's inspiration and muse.  These consumers live a fitness
lifestyle and for them fitness is not just something they do,  it is who they are.  They are younguninhibited,  optimistic,  brave and tribal,  and they know that their bodies are the engine for a fulfilled
life.  Reebok connects with the Fit Generation through its 'tough fitness' mentality.  Tough fitness is
bigger than any diet or workout regimen,  it is the gritty,   never back down' attitude embodied by the
Fit Generation consumer. 
Adding to its core mission,  Reebok Classics leverages the brand's fitness heritage and celebrates
how the brand's past shapes who it is and what it will become.  Reebok Classics represents the roots
of the brand in the sports lifestyle market.  Understanding the multi-facets of fitness,  from running
to yoga,  Reebok applies a category-specific approach.  The key categories,  called 'The House of
Fitness',  address this diversity: Training,  Studio,  Reebok's newest business Combat TrainingClassics,  Running and Walking. 

20

14

56

Reebok provides specialised products for each of these categories,  which allows Reebok to meet
and engage with consumers,  regardless of how they choose to stay fit.  To drive commercial volumes
for the brand,  Reebok leverages its Royal and Kids offerings across its key categories.  Royal offers
trend-right casual footwear with optimal value for commercial distribution channels.  Reebok Kids
is focused on fun in functionality,  driven by key brand product innovation takedowns as well as
innovative and style-right kids-only products. 

Leadership in product innovation to excite and inspire the consumer
By creating inspiring product and brand experiences,  adidas and Reebok strive to enhance their
positions as premium brands.  This,  in turn,  is an important catalyst for sustaining and improving the
brands' gross margins,  making continuous innovation an important enabler for future profitability
improvements.  By leveraging the extensive R&D expertise within the Group,  adidas and Reebok
continuously challenge the boundaries of functionality and performance.  In addition,  innovation
plays a significant role in differentiating the adidas and Reebok product offerings in the minds of
consumers. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Our Group
Global Brands Strategy 
/ 023 
/

At adidas,  the brand innovates through a focus on key performance benefits.  The R&D focus is on
cushioning and energy solutions,  lightweight,  body temperature management and digital sports
technologies as well as sustainable product innovation.  This focus enables the development of clear
performance technology platforms,  such as Boost,  Clima and miCoach.  By serving these core benefits
through such scalable technology platforms,  adidas aims to remain at the forefront of performance
sport and further build on brand image.  Additionally,  at adidas,  investments and research emphasis
also include areas such as 3-D design,  advanced materials and new manufacturing processes,  e.g. 
machine knitting and 3-D printing.  These areas offer potential to increase speed to market,  bring
new performance and design capabilities and support our position as a sustainability leader in the
sporting goods industry. 
At Reebok,  the innovation focus is on fitness.  The innovation and R&D priorities are on providing
functional products in footwear and apparel that cater to evolving and new fitness activities.  Areas
of focus include specific products to meet the performance demands of Fit Generation consumers. 
Reebok is also investing in material development to support body temperature control,  fit and
durability. 

 
see Picture 06
see Research and Development,  p.  73

06   /  Reebok
Cardio Ultra studio shoe 
14

57
20

05   /   didas Sport Performance

miCoach Fit Smart watch 
see Picture 05

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Our Group
Global Brands Strategy 
/ 023 
/

Marketing and communication leadership
adidas and Reebok are focused on creating inspirational and innovative marketing capabilities that
build brand equity and consumer advocacy.  A key tenet of our marketing and communication strategy
is to harness the emotion of sport and the benefits of a sporting lifestyle across all communication
channels.  Both adidas and Reebok regularly bring new global marketing concepts to life,  which can
be easily leveraged to create simple and powerful brand messages and support an array of product
offerings. 

see Picture 07
see Picture 08

In addition,  Global Brands also endeavours to ensure all of its brands are at the forefront of new
communication techniques,  particularly as information flow becomes faster and faster.  To increase
the pace and relevance of our brands' communication with the consumer,  digital marketing now
acts as a backbone for all brand marketing activities.  Whether through social networks,  mobile
apps or digital broadcast mediums,  these methods are providing a new scope of consumer
experience in real time.  With consumers spending more time online,  the adidas and Reebok digital
strategies allow the brands to move from campaign-based communication to developing deeper
relationships with their respective target audience.  In addition to adding significant value to all our
communication efforts,  our digital marketing and social interaction with consumers also provide the
brands with accessible insights,  learnings and measurable results,  which in turn can be utilised to
drive long-term brand equity. 

20

14

58

To ensure our Group stays at the forefront of these developments,  in 2014 both adidas and Reebok
invested further in the digital space.  To increase speed,  bring greater consistency and drive higher
levels of brand activation online,  adidas established digital newsrooms around the globe.  This
served to better coordinate the brands' online presence as well as leverage and magnify key brand
initiatives throughout the year.  For example,  for the duration of the 2014 FIFA World Cup,  adidas set
up a newsroom in Rio de Janeiro called 'Posto adidas'.  Throughout the tournament,  adidas created
and shared content via its social media channels in real time,  in highly debated moments during
games or by giving fans exclusive insights into adidas' player and federation partners.  Reebok also
created a global social centre at its headquarters in Canton.  This centre and its team engaged with
the Fit Generation consumer in the social world and will continue to enable Reebok to be part of the
conversation in 2015.  In addition,  Reebok also opened the Reebok Production Studios,  enabling the
brand to become a constant creator of exciting and relevant content. 

07   /  adidas
Sport 15 brand campaign 
08   /  Reebok
Be More Human brand campaign 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Our Group
Global Brands Strategy 
/ 023 
/

Activation and validation via a relevant set of promotion partnerships
The utilisation of promotion partners such as federations,  teams,  leagues,  events and individuals
is an important part of validating and endorsing brand positioning,  and an area to which the Group
dedicates significant resources.  This not only serves as a vehicle to showcase the credentials of
adidas and Reebok products in the performance and fitness arenas,  respectively,  it also facilitates
the extension of the adidas and Reebok brands in the sports-inspired lifestyle market.  Both adidas
and Reebok follow a partnership strategy geared to best reflect their respective positioning in the
market. 

To activate and validate its key concepts,  Reebok is partnering with some of the most influential
fitness movements and organisations and accomplished people in the fitness industry.  Reebok
partnerships include those with the UFC,  CrossFit (including the CrossFit Games),  Spartan RaceLes Mills and Color Run.  Additionally,  Reebok's partners include top influencers in the 'tough
fitness' market such as UFC Champions Jon Jones,  Ronda Rousey and Conor McGregor as well
as CrossFit all-stars Rich Froning and Camille Leblanc-Bazinet.  Reebok Classics partners with
musicians,  fashion leaders and artists to amplify activations and product validation in the lifestyle
category,  with ambassadors such as Kendrick Lamar and Melody Ehsani. 

09   / 
adidas
FIFA World Cup 
10   /  Reebok
CrossFit Games 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Picture 09

14

59
20

One of the guiding principles of adidas is to equip all athletes to achieve their 'impossible'.  As suchadidas brings its passion for great products to the biggest stages in the world,  with sponsorship
agreements for the FIFA World Cup,  the UEFA EURO,  the UEFA Champions League,  the NBA,  the
Boston Marathon and the IAAF (International Association of Athletics Federations).  In additionadidas has an extensive roster of high-profile sports teams,  such as the national federations of
Germany,  Spain,  Argentina,  Russia,  Mexico,  Colombia and Japan,  as well as top clubs Real MadridAC Milan,  Chelsea FC,  FC Bayern Munich and starting in the summer of 2015 Manchester
United in football,  the New Zealand All Blacks and France in rugby,  American universities such
as UCLA,  as well as high-profile individuals such as football stars Lionel Messi,  Gareth Bale and
James Rodriguez,  basketball stars Derrick Rose,  John Wall and Damian Lillard,  marathon record
holder Dennis Kimetto,  American football quarterback Robert Griffin III,  also known as 'RG3',  and
tennis star Caroline Wozniacki.  In addition,  adidas also has a number of strategic partnerships
and collaborations with top designers and design studios,  such as with Yohji Yamamoto,  Stella
McCartney,  Jeremy Scott,  Nigo and Porsche Design.  The brand also has similar relationships with
many of the most creative personalities from across the entertainment industry,  including Kanye
West,  Pharrell Williams and Rita Ora. 

see Picture 10



Group Management Report Our Group
Other Businesses Strategy   /  TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy 
/ 024 
/

Other Businesses Strategy
Other Businesses primarily include the TaylorMade-adidas Golf and Reebok-CCM Hockey
segments.  Each of these segments has its own strategy in place in order to address its
specific target groups directly and further expand its market share. 

TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy
TaylorMade-adidas Golf's mission is to be the world's leading golf company in terms of sales and
profitability.  The company's foundation for success and its priorities for long-term growth include:
/  multi-brand strategy with four of golf's most respected brands: TaylorMade,  adidas GolfA
Adams Golf and Ashworth. 
/ 
Focus on design and technologically advanced products. 
/ 
Validation of products by tour professionals competing on the world's major professional golf
tours. 
/  clear focus on marketing innovation and excellence in execution. 

/ 
Creation and execution of new retail initiatives as well as improving global distribution. 

Multi-brand approach levers the strength of four of golf's most respected brands
20

14

60

Strategic priority  /  Multi-brand approach 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf implements a multi-brand strategy with four well-defined golf brands
under one roof:
/ TaylorMade is the market leader in the metalwood and iron categories,  and is among the leaders
in wedges,  putters,  balls and accessories. 
/  adidas Golf creates innovative products targeted at athletic,  competitive-minded golfers seeking
 performance edge in every piece of equipment they choose,  including footwear,  apparel and
accessories. 
/  Adams Golf adapts tour-proven technology to meet the needs of golfers seeking equipment that
makes the game easier to play so every round is a great experience. 
/ Ashworth focuses on classically rooted products that deliver style,  comfort and natural
performance to the golf enthusiast,  complementing adidas Golf's athletic high-performance
positioning. 

Focus on design and technologically advanced products 
Strategic priority  /  Design and innovation 
One of TaylorMade-adidas Golf's core objectives is to create the best performance golf products in
the marketplace.  This involves a clear and unrelenting commitment to innovation and technology. 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf strives to extend its industry-leading position by introducing the most
innovative designs and technologically advanced products to the market.  In 2014,  for examplethe SLDR irons and drivers were the leading products in the iron and metalwood categories,  with
the latter being the number one driver on the tour for the 2013-2014 PGA Tour season.  In 2014the focus,  however,  was on cleaning up retail inventories,  especially in the USA.  In light of thisTaylorMade-adidas Golf strategically reduced the number of new product introductions compared
to previous years. 

see Picture 01

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Info Box,  p.  63

Group Management Report Our Group
Other Businesses Strategy   /  TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy 
/ 024 
/

/ TaylorMade: TaylorMade's priority is to become the leader in each individual golf category.  That
means strengthening its position as the number one metalwood (drivers,  fairway woods and hybrids)
and iron brand and ascending to the top market position in wedges,  putters,  balls and accessories. 
From a market share perspective,  the latter two categories in particular offer significant market
share and growth potential.  In balls for example,  in 2014,  TaylorMade launched a new golf ball:
Project (a).  This multi-year R&D project has resulted in a ball which has been specially engineered
to promote more shot-stopping spin control for the average amateur. 

/ Ashworth: Ashworth focuses on re-establishing the brand's reputation as an authentic golf
brand dedicated to bringing modern style to the golf course.  Specific emphasis is put on bringing
more consistency to Ashworth's messaging and product.  A good example of this is the Ashworth 
01   /  TaylorMade
SLDR irons 
02   /  adidas Golf
ClimaChill golf apparel 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Picture 03

61
14

/  Adams Golf: Adams Golf's key strategy for growth is to adapt tour-proven technology to meet
the needs of golfers seeking equipment that makes the game easier to play and thus a better
experience.  Additionally,  Adams Golf uses its position as the number one hybrid brand on five of
the world's major professional golf tours,  including the PGA Tour,  to become the best-selling hybrid
brand worldwide.  Recent product introductions,  including New Idea Tech Hybrid irons that are
designed specifically for golfers with slower swing speeds,  are examples of the brand's product
strategy to enhance the enjoyment of the game. 

see Picture 02

20

/  adidas Golf: A key component of adidas Golf's strategy is creating innovative products that are
targeted to an athletic,  competitive-minded golfer who is seeking a performance edge in every
piece of footwear and apparel.  In 2014,  the adizero franchise was continued with the second
iteration with adizero One.  This shoe incorporates a variety of cutting-edge technologies and is
10% lighter than the original adizero golf shoe.  adidas Golf's strategy also includes strengthening
its year-round apparel offerings by adding to the Clima collection with ClimaChill apparelengineered to regulate body temperatures with proprietary ClimaChill technology featuring small
aluminium cooling dots. 

Group Management Report Our Group
Other Businesses Strategy   /  TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy 
/ 024 
/

Majors Series Apparel Collection which was the brand's marketing focus in 2014,  featuring a series
of limited-edition golf shirts designed to commemorate the major victories of six of the company's
Tour Staff professionals.  This premium collection was a building block for more superior pieces with
higher price points to debut from the brand in 2015. 

Tour validation critical to showcasing equipment at the highest level 
see Picture 04

Strategic priority  /  Tour validation 
Golfers of all levels are influenced by the equipment that the world's best professional players play
with and wear.  Hence,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf's leadership and presence on the world's major
professional golf tours is imperative to increasing brand exposure and consumer traction.  The
strength of the TaylorMade-adidas Golf Tour Staff lies in the number and quality of its memberswhich include global stars such as 2014 U.S.  Open champion Martin Kaymer,  2013 U.S.  Open
champion Justin Rose,  Dustin Johnson,  Sergio García,  Jason Day and 2010 U.S.  Open champion
Paula Creamer.  In addition,  dozens more tour professionals also play TaylorMade metalwoodshelping to make TaylorMade the number one driver brand on the world's six major tours the
PGA Tour,  European Tour,  Japan Tour,  Champions Tour,  Web, com Tour and LPGA Tour.  The visibility
and credibility that TaylorMade enjoys from this widespread use of its equipment is instrumental to
brand and product awareness. 
Adams Golf likewise maintains a strong Tour Staff,  having in 2014 added fan favourite Ernie Els to
 team that already includes Robert Garrigus,  Aaron Baddeley,  Tom Watson and Bernhard Langer. 

Marketing innovation and excellence in execution
20

14

62

Strategic priority  /  Marketing innovation 
Innovative and effective marketing is critical to TaylorMade-adidas Golf's success.  Great effort is
put into creating compelling messages spread widely through a variety of channels.  This includes
television,  print,  social media,  point of sale,  demonstration events and carefully choreographed
activities at professional tournaments. 

03   /  Adams Golf
New Idea Tech Hybrid iron 
04   /  Ashworth
Majors Series apparel collection 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Our Group
Other Businesses Strategy   /  TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy 
/ 024 
/

Effective retail strategy leverages key accounts and assets 
Strategic priority  /  Excellence in retail 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf makes it a point to create compelling point-of-sale communications and
displays designed to clearly educate the consumer on product benefits and advantages.  Furthermorethere is a focus with key retail partners (key accounts) to ensure a consistent and excellent retail
experience for the consumer.  Core channels include green grass retailers,  off-course golf specialty
retailers and sporting goods retail formats with golf-specific departments.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf
also maintains a close relationship with more than 3000 golf professionals across the USA,  who
act as brand ambassadors in their green grass golf shops,  selling the products of all four brands
and turning golfers into brand loyalists.  Additionally,  in emerging markets around the world,  the
company employs established adidas Group infrastructures to distribute products and drive growth. 
This broad global presence offers significant growth and leverage opportunities in the futureparticularly for Adams Golf and Ashworth,  where penetration is still low outside of the United States. 

 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf actively tackles the challenges in the golf market 
see Other Businesses Performance,  p.  143

63
20

14

Management is convinced that TaylorMade-adidas Golf's strategic approach as outlined above will
support the company in extending its industry-leading position.  The golf industry was weathering
an extremely difficult year in 2014 and,  as the biggest golf company in the world,  TaylorMade-adidas
Golf was severely impacted.  We have therefore taken strategic steps to stabilise the underperforming areas of our golf business.  These include:

/ 
Strong focus on inventory management in 2014.  Management decided to take a leading and
responsible role for the industry clean-up of high retail inventory levels. 
/ 
Realignment of key shipment and product launch cycles to more appropriately mirror market
demand patterns.  In light of Management's efforts to shift to longer product launch cyclesTaylorMade-adidas Golf strategically reduced the number of new product introductions compared
to previous years. 
/ 
Implementation of a restructuring programme to align the organisation's overheads to match
future expectations in golf.  This includes reducing our golf segment global workforce by 15% and
integrating Adams Golf into TaylorMade's offices in Carlsbad,  California,  to optimise efficiency
and ensure product alignment. 
/ 
Increased focus on direct-to-consumer business going forward. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Glossary,  p.  258

Group Management Report Our Group
Other Businesses Strategy   /  Reebok-CCM Hockey Strategy 
/ 024 
/

Reebok-CCM Hockey Strategy
Reebok-CCM Hockey is a leading designer and marketer of ice hockey equipment and related
apparel under two of the most recognised ice hockey brand names: Reebok Hockey and CCM. 
Reebok-CCM Hockey equips more professional NHL hockey players than any other company and is
also the official outfitter of high-profile leagues such as the NHL.  Reebok-CCM Hockey's strategy is
to increase market share by leveraging its performance positioning and dedication to innovate for
the leading athletes in the sport. 

Focus on high-end performance
Reebok-CCM Hockey's primary goal is to lead in the high-end performance segment of the ice hockey
market.  Reebok-CCM Hockey has therefore repositioned Reebok Hockey to focus on key categories
where the brand has had success in the past while CCM is positioned across all segments and price
tiers with a clear focus on performance.  Strategic priorities for both brands include:
/  Focus on innovative and technologically advanced products. 
/  Professional player validation. 
/  Focus on key categories to drive growth. 
/  Defined pricing strategy which reflects the brands' positioning. 

Product innovation key to brand positioning 
20

14

64

Strategic priority  /  Product innovation 
The key priority for Reebok-CCM Hockey is to design and market innovative and technologically
advanced products that give players the opportunity to perform at their highest levels on the ice. 
With an emphasis on continued product innovation,  products incorporate proprietary and patented
technological advances.  The 2014 product launches are described in more detail below. 

Professional players to drive brand credibility 
Strategic priority  /  Professional player 
Reebok-CCM Hockey recognises that success with the consumer is heavily influenced by exposure
generated at the professional level.  Product usage by some of the best players in the game validates
Reebok-CCM Hockey's product performance credentials,  and both brands are highly visible among
professional ice hockey leagues worldwide:
/  Reebok-CCM Hockey has partnerships with the most important leagues in the industry.  It is the
exclusive licensee of jerseys for the National Hockey League (NHL),  the American Hockey League
(AHL),  the Canadian Hockey League (CHL) as well as eight European National and 60 Elite League
teams.  Reebok-CCM Hockey is also the official equipment supplier of the United States Hockey
League (USHL),  the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL) and numerous National Collegiate Athletic
Association (NCAA) Division 1 institutions. 
/  Reebok-CCM Hockey has formed endorsement partnerships with many of the best athletes in
the world.  Reebok Hockey is currently endorsed by NHL players such as Sidney Crosby,  Marc-André
Fleury and Corey Crawford.  CCM's roster of player endorsees includes John Tavares,  Pavel DatsyukMatt Duchene and 2014 NHL Rookie of the Year Nathan MacKinnon. 

validation 
see Glossary,  p.  258

Key strategic categories to drive growth 
Strategic priority  /  Focus on key growth 
Reebok-CCM Hockey intends to accomplish growth through a continuous stream of product launches
in its key category priorities: skates,  sticks,  goalie gear,  protective/helmets and licensed apparel. 

categories 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Our Group
Other Businesses Strategy   /  Reebok-CCM Hockey Strategy 
/ 024 
/

/ Skates: The focus in the skate category is to drive market share increases through products
addressing critical performance aspects such as fit,  weight and durability.  In 2014,  Reebok Hockey
launched the new RibCor skate,  currently being worn by Sidney Crosby,  as well as many other pro
players.  CCM brought back the legendary Tacks franchise in July 2014 with the new CCM Tacks
skate.  It features the AttackFrame technology,  designed with extra-stiff reinforcements in key areas
of the foot,  to help generate maximum acceleration on the ice. 
/ Sticks: To drive future growth in the sticks category,  Reebok-CCM Hockey focuses on developing
new technologies that incorporate enhanced power,  feel,  flexibility and weight.  While 2014 was used
to reposition Reebok Hockey in the sticks category,  CCM launched three sticks in the second half of
2014,  all focused on innovations and technologies to help players achieve their best performance
on the ice: the Tacks stick,  the RBZ SuperFast developed in collaboration with TaylorMade and
the CCM RibCor stick. 

see Picture 05

see Picture 06

/ Goalie: In 2014,  with the introduction of the Premier XLT line,  Reebok Hockey further strengthened
its position in the goalie sector.  CCM introduced the new Retro Flex goalie line,  which offers goalies
unique colour options for their new gear. 
/ Protective: In 2014,  CCM launched the new RBZ protective line,  which features even lighterweight equipment while maintaining maximum protection. 
/  Licensed apparel: Reebok-CCM Hockey will strive to further leverage its league partnerships
and exclusive uniform status to drive growth.  In addition to official uniforms,  Reebok-CCM Hockey
will take advantage of its status as the official NHL locker room performance apparel supplier
and its exclusive rights related to the NHL Players' Association (NHLPA) for name and numbered
apparel and headwear. 

20

14

65

More information on these and other products can be found in the Research and Development
section. 

see Research and Development,  p.  73

Pricing strategy mirrors product positioning 
Strategic priority  /  Pricing 
Reebok-CCM Hockey's pricing strategy is consistent with its high-performance positioning in the
sport.  Through a commitment to product innovation,  Reebok-CCM Hockey's pricing strategy is to
focus on the premium price segments but also to have a strong presence in all key price tiers. 

05   / 
CCM
Tacks skate 
06   / 
CCM
RibCor sticks 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 


Group Management Report Our Group
Global Operations 
/ 025 
/

Global Operations
Global Operations manages the development,  production planning,  sourcing and
distribution of the majority of our products.  The function continually strives to increase
efficiency throughout the Group's supply chain and ensure the highest standards in product
quality and delivery performance for our customers and our own-retail and eCommerce
activities at competitive costs. 

Clearly defined priorities for Global Operations
The vision of Global Operations is to be closest to every consumer.  The function strives to provide the
right product to consumers in the right size,  colour and style,  in the right place,  at the right timeacross the entire range of the Group's channels and brands.  Global Operations has successfully
taken ownership for quality,  cost and availability in the past years to be able to respond most
efficiently to the fast-changing requirements of consumers and customers. 
Global Operations has a strong track record for establishing state-of-the-art infrastructureprocesses and systems.  The function has been successfully consolidating and improving legacy
structures,  reducing complexity and cost for the Group in close collaboration with our IT function. 
Against this background,  the Group took the strategic decision in 2014 to consolidate the IT and
supply chain functions in one area of responsibility within Global Operations. 

20

14

66
Global Operations focuses on delivering against five function-specific strategic priorities driven by
several key initiatives:
/ 
Ensuring cost competitiveness and reducing product and supply chain costs. 
/ 
Providing industry-leading availability and enhancing existing logistics services to create a
flexible and cost-efficient supply chain. 
/ 
Enabling later ordering,  i, e.  closer to the point of sale. 
/ 
Supporting the Group's growth projects. 
/ 
Modernising infrastructure by building the necessary operational backbone. 
By delivering on these initiatives,  Global Operations will ensure our Group's supply chain remains a
competitive advantage in making us the partner of choice for our consumers and customers alike. 
This continues to be underlined by our strong 'On-Time In-Full' (OTIF) metric,  a non-financial KPI
for our Group,  measuring the adidas Group's delivery performance towards our customers and our
own-retail stores.  In 2014,  the adidas Group delivered 81% of its adidas and Reebok products 'on
time' and 'in full' compared to 82% in the prior year.  For 2015,  Global Operations strives to maintain
OTIF at a very strong level of around 80%.  OTIF was measured for around 70% of all adidas and
Reebok products in 2014.  It is also planned to roll out OTIF to those markets that are currently not
in scope,  thereby increasing the overall share of adidas and Reebok products measured against 'on
time' and 'in full'. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Internal Group Management System,  p.  98

Group Management Report Our Group
Global Operations 
/ 025 
/

Ensuring cost competitiveness 
Strategic priority  /  Cost competitiveness 
Global Operations focuses on further optimising product creation through an efficient and
simplified material and colour selection process.  This,  coupled with increased automation in
manufacturing,  will further enhance productivity,  shorten lead times and improve overall quality. 
These improvements are expected to enhance profitability for the Group and ensure we provide our
consumers with the best value proposition possible. 
In the area of manufacturing excellence for footwear,  automation represents the key driver for
efficiencies.  As part of this optimisation initiative,  we support the implementation of state-of-the-art
machinery and solutions,  such as computer stitching,  high-frequency cutting and automated
production lines across factories,  and we provide technical competency training to factory floor staff. 
The resulting improvements in the factories are both visible and tangible.  With less manual labour
required,  manufacturers were able to reduce operating space and energy while increasing their
right-first-time rate and optimising their operator utilisation.  For apparel,  our goal is to use the
manufacturing excellence initiative to roll out modular production lines.  In addition,  we introduced
Global Sewing Data (GSD) a globally recognised,  industry-leading pre-determined motion time
system.  It is an accurate and consistent way to measure the standard production time or Standard
Minute Value (SMV) of a product. 
Global Operations aims to further strengthen the Group's overall price competitiveness.  Thereforein 2014,  the function developed a new approach to material costing with increases in transparency
on fabric cost structure.  This new approach delivers valuable insights which are used in seasonal
negotiations with our suppliers and allocation decisions.  At the same time,  it helps us further
optimise level-loading within our factories. 

20

14

67

01   /   Global Operations in go-to-market process 
Global Operations
Marketing 
Design 
Product
Development 
Sourcing 
Supply Chain
Management 
Sales Subsidiaries 
Briefing 
Concept 
Product creation 
Manufacturing 
Distribution 
Sales 
Centre of Excellence
Processes and infrastructure of the future 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Our Group
Global Operations 
/ 025 
/

Providing industry-leading availability 
Strategic priority  /  Product availability 
Over the past years,  Global Operations has built new supporting system solutions that use SAP as
 basis to standardise,  automate,  bundle and execute market processes and system functionalities. 
The roll-out of these systems and processes is a prerequisite to enable enhanced value-added
services (e.g.  labelling,  price tags and RFID tags) at our factories and distribution centres.  These
are also critical for our flexible make-to-stock service,  which aims to improve product availability
and inventory utilisation by planning and building inventory buffers at different locations further up
the supply chain. 
Other capabilities that the function has built include an increased level of transparency on inbound
transportation in our supply chain.  This allows for timely and accurate instructions on delivery timesplanning and purchasing,  resulting in a reduction of workload and increased customer satisfaction. 
Another important aspect is the introduction of the capability to transfer inventory between locations
in a more automated manner. 

Enabling later ordering 
Strategic priority  /  Later ordering 
Enabling later ordering is a cross-functional priority in Global Operations focused on allowing our
customers and own-retail network to order products closer to the time of sale,  thereby facilitating
buying decisions that are based on better market knowledge. 

20

14

68

The initiative for reducing standard lead times focuses on shortening production lead times on
footwear and apparel to 60 days.  This will allow us to align sales processes across the brands and
improve efficiencies.  The majority of adidas footwear and apparel is already on 60 days. 
In 2014,  Global Operations launched the strategic initiative 'Digital Creation'.  One main objective
of this initiative is to increase the speed and efficiency of product creation by using digital instead
of physical product samples (virtualisation technology).  The initiative was successfully introduced
for footwear in 2014 and will be rolled out for apparel in 2015,  thereby significantly reducing the
production of physical product samples in the creation process. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Glossary,  p.  258
see Sustainability,  p.  89

Group Management Report Our Group
Global Operations 
/ 025 
/

Supporting the Group's growth initiatives 
Strategic priority  /  Support growth initiatives 
Global Operations supports the Group's key growth projects.  Over the past years,  our focus has been
on the following projects:

/  adidas NEO label: Global Operations contributes to establish a fast in-season creation process
for the adidas NEO label.  This includes expanding the company's fashion source base and enabling
articles on creation-to-shelf timelines of three months and less for all product divisions.  In 2014the function developed 24 million units based on this newly established process,  representing a
significant increase compared to the prior year (2013: 15 million units). 
/  eCommerce and customisation: Global Operations provides support in further harmonising
customisation processes and systems.  It has clearly defined supply chain capabilities that enable
the demand growth for the customisation business and have supported the evaluation of existing
customisation processes for adidas and Reebok footwear. 

Modernising the Group's infrastructure 
see Global Brands Strategy,  p.  53

see Global Brands Strategy,  p.  53

Strategic priority  /  Modernise infrastructure 
Global Operations continues to focus on building the required infrastructure,  processes and systems
to support the Group's growth plans.  This includes further process simplification,  consolidation
of legacy systems and distribution structures,  as well as the creation of state-of-the-art systems
required to support new business demands. 

The vast majority of our facilities operate a standardised warehouse management system which
continues to be rolled out to all new and existing warehouses in the operations network. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

69
20

In 2014,  Global Operations focused on further stabilising and optimising processes in those
distribution centres which were opened in the previous year,  particularly the Central Distribution
Centre near Osnabrueck in Germany.  Also,  2014 saw the go-live of important distribution facilities
such as the newly opened distribution centre in Tianjin,  China. 

Group Management Report Our Group
Global Operations 
/ 025 
/

Majority of production through independent suppliers
To minimise production costs,  we outsource almost 100% of production to independent thirdparty suppliers,  primarily located in Asia.  While we provide them with detailed specifications for
production and delivery,  these suppliers possess excellent expertise in cost-efficient,  high-volume
production of footwear,  apparel and hardware.  The latest list of our suppliers can be found on our
website. 
The adidas Group also operates a limited number of own production and assembly sites in the USA
(4),  Canada (3) and Germany (1).  In order to ensure the high quality that consumers expect from
our products,  we enforce strict control and inspection procedures at our suppliers and in our own
factories.  In addition,  we promote adherence to social and environmental standards throughout our
supply chain. 

www, adidas-group, com/sustainability 
see Sustainability,  p.  89

Global Operations manages product development,  sourcing and distribution for adidas and Reebok
as well as for adidas Golf and Ashworth.  Due to the specific sourcing requirements in their respective
fields of business,  TaylorMade,  Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Adams Golf and the Sports Licensed Division
are not serviced through Global Operations,  but instead utilise their own purchasing organisations. 
In order to quickly seize short-term opportunities in their local market or react to trade regulationsGroup subsidiaries may also source from selected local suppliers outside the realm of Global
Operations.  Local purchases,  however,  account only for a minor portion of the Group's total sourcing
volume. 

20

14

70

Number of manufacturing partners increases
In 2014,  Global Operations worked with 340 independent manufacturing partners (2013: 322).  Of
our independent manufacturing partners,  83% were located in Asia,  9% in the Americas and 7% in
Europe.  Less than 1% of our manufacturing partners were located in Africa.  27% of all suppliers
were located in China. 

see Diagram 02

Vietnam share of footwear production increases
96% of our total 2014 footwear volume for adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf was produced in Asia
(2013: 96%).  Production in Europe and the Americas combined accounted for 4% of the sourcing
volume (2013: 4%).  Vietnam represents our largest sourcing country with 39% of the total volume
(2013: 35%),  followed by China with 27% (2013: 31%) and Indonesia with 23% (2013: 24%).  In 2014our footwear suppliers produced approximately 258 million pairs of shoes (2013: 256 million
pairs).  Our largest footwear factory produced approximately 11% of the footwear sourcing volume
(2013: 11%). 

02   /   Suppliers by region 1)



34

2014


 /	 83%	Asia
9%	Americas
 /	
7%	Europe
 /	
 /	 < 1%	Africa 
1)  igures include adidas,  Reebok,  adidas Golf and Ashworth,  but exclude local sourcing

partners,  sourcing agents,  subcontractors,  second-tier suppliers and licensee factories. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Diagram 03

see Diagram 04

Group Management Report Our Group
Global Operations 
/ 025 
/

China remains largest source country for apparel
In 2014,  we sourced 93% of the total apparel volume for adidas,  Reebok,  adidas Golf and Ashworth
from Asia (2013: 92%).  Europe remained the second-largest apparel sourcing region,  representing
5% of the volume (2013: 5%).  The Americas accounted for 2% of the volume (2013: 3%).  China
is the largest source country,  representing 31% of the produced volume (2013: 32%),  followed by
Cambodia with 16% (2013: 12%) and Vietnam with 13% (2013: 12%).  In total,  our suppliers produced
approximately 309 million units of apparel in 2014 (2013: 292 million units).  The largest apparel
factory produced approximately 11% of this apparel volume in 2014 (2013: 11%). 

see Diagram 05

see Diagram 06

In addition,  Reebok-CCM Hockey sourced around 3 million units of apparel in 2014.  The majority
of this volume was also produced in Asia,  while small portions were sourced from the Americas
(particularly Canada) and Europe. 
The Sports Licensed Division sourced approximately 20 million units of apparel and 12 million units
of headwear (2013: 21 million and 11 million,  respectively).  The majority of purchased apparel
products were sourced as unfinished goods from Latin America (71%) and Asia (29%) (2013: 70%
and 30%,  respectively),  and were subsequently finished in our own facilities in the USA.  The vast
majority of headwear sourced was finished products manufactured in Asia (more than 99%). 

03   /   Footwear production by region 1)

04   /   Footwear production 1)  (in million pairs)

2014

 /	
 /	
 /	

96%	Asia
3%	Americas
1%	Europe 


256

2012

240
239

1) Figures include adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf. 

1) Figures include adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf. 

05   /   Apparel production by region 1)

06   /   Apparel production 1) 2)  (in million units)

2014

 3

2014

 /	
 /	
 /	

93%	Asia
5%	Europe
2%	Americas 


1) Figures include adidas,  Reebok,  adidas Golf and Ashworth. 

309

2013

292

2012

262

2011

267

1) Figures include adidas,  Reebok,  adidas Golf and Ashworth. 
2)  011–2013 restated due to a reclassification of certain apparel accessories from

apparel to hardware. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
20

2013

2011

23

258

14

71
2014

Group Management Report Our Group
Global Operations 
/ 025 
/

China share of hardware production declines
In 2014,  78% of adidas and Reebok branded hardware products,  such as balls and bags,  was
produced in Asia (2013: 79%).  European countries accounted for 22% (2013: 21%).  China remained
our largest source country,  accounting for 38% of the sourced volume (2013: 42%),  followed by
Turkey and Pakistan with 20% and 13%,  respectively (2013: 19% and 10%,  respectively).  The total
hardware sourcing volume was approximately 99 million units (2013: 94 million units),  with the
largest factory accounting for 11% of production. 

see Diagram 07

see Diagram 08

TaylorMade sourced 99% of their hardware volumes from Asia (2013: 99%).  The vast majority of
golf club components were manufactured by suppliers in Asia (China,  Vietnam and Taiwan) and
assembled in Asia,  the USA and Europe. 
Reebok-CCM Hockey sourced 87% of their hardware volumes from Asia (2013: 86%).  In additionReebok-CCM Hockey sourced a portion of hardware products in the Americas. 

07   /   Hardware production by region 1)

08   /   Hardware production 1) 2)  (in million units)

2014

99

2013

94

2012

93

2011

96



 /	
 /	

2014
20

14

72

78%	Asia
22%	Europe 


1) Figures include adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf. 

1) Figures include adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf. 
2)  011–2013 restated due to a reclassification of certain apparel accessories from

apparel to hardware. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Our Group
Research and Development 
/ 026 
/

Research and Development
Creating innovative products to meet the needs of professional and everyday athletes and
consumers is a prerequisite to strengthening our market position in the sporting goods
industry.  In a rapidly changing world,  our culture and passion for innovation and consistent
investment in research and development (R&D) is essential to the development of new
product concepts,  processes and production methods that are beneficial to our business
objectives and our long-term sustainability ambitions. 

R&D an integral part of the product and user experience creation process
R&D within the adidas Group follows a decentralised approach.  In line with their strategic and
long-term visions and distinctive positioning,  each brand runs its own R&D activities.  Howeverfundamental research as well as expertise and competencies in sustainable product creation are
shared across the Group. 
For the adidas brand,  R&D is closely integrated with the sourcing,  design and product marketing
functions.  At the beginning of the product creation process,  marketing defines a development
priority,  which,  in recent years,  has increasingly included sustainability targets.  This is derived on a
case-by-case basis from a combination of consumer research and feedback,  competition analysis
and own product testing. 

Once conceptualised,  new product technologies are engineered using state-of-the-art systems. 
Furthermore,  by embracing entirely new production technology and material approachesproduct creation and development can be decoupled from traditional processes.  Extensive virtual
prototype testing and engineering loops are carried out on every technology,  which promotes faster
development phases as well as improved concept and quality,  while simultaneously reducing
physical material and resource requirements.  Once a new product technology is deemed viableit is produced as a physical sample.  These samples are then comprehensively tested by a broad
range of users,  including top athletes.  Only when these comprehensive tests have been successful
are the technologies handed over to product marketing,  which commercialises the technology to a
final product. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

73
Based on this,  employees in our so-called FUTURE teams analyse new materials,  production
processes and scientific research to increase the exchange and scope of idea generation.  Their
scope also extends to areas such as consumer insights and social media.  This helps promote a
holistic and innovation-focused culture which gives deeper consumer insights,  while also fuelling
creativity and synergies across the organisation.  To identify innovative materials as well as integrate
sustainability,  cost and production process aspects into the development phase,  the FUTURE teams
are in close contact with our sourcing and material teams within product development who,  in turnwork closely with our suppliers. 

20



Group Management Report Our Group
Research and Development 
/ 026 
/

01   /   Major R&D activities and locations
Main activities 
Major locations 
Global Development
Centre
(FUTURE)

HerzogenaurachGermany 
Global Development
Centre
(FUTURE)

Portland/
Oregon,  USA

Dedicated innovation development centres in Asia,  working closely with these
teams,  concentrate on the realisation of concepts through functional product
develop­ ent as part of the creation process.  These centres are important in

terms of develop­ ent efficiencies,  as product and technology development

takes place in real production environments. 

Product Creation
Centre 
Shanghai,  China 
Product Creation
Centre 
Tokyo,  Japan 
R&D teams at Reebok create footwear,  apparel and hardware with the primary
emphasis being on fitness.  Teams are structured along the brand's category
priorities.  In addition,  there are certain cross-category groups such as the Reebok
Advanced Concepts (RAC) team,  which ensures specific concepts can be taken right
through from initial idea to production. 

Global Development
and Testing Centre 
Canton/
MassachusettsUSA

Advanced Development Centre 
Fuzhou,  China 
Development and
Testing Centre 
Ho Chi MinhVietnam 
The adidas FUTURE team is divided into groups that focus on performance footwearapparel and hardware innovation,  within which there are individual product
focus categories.  The teams are closely integrated with associated functions and
resources to increase efficiencies and flexibility in all aspects of innovation and
technology development. 
adidas 
Reebok
Collaboration partners at Advanced Development Centres in China and Vietnam
focus on new technology developments,  cutting-edge materials and treatments
as well as manufacturing solutions. 
14

74
TaylorMade-adidas Golf's R&D team is focused on continuously designing and

­ eveloping industry-leading products.  The team is structured according to the
different product categories in golf. 

Global Development
and Testing Centre 
Carlsbad/
CaliforniaUSA

Reebok-CCM Hockey 
The R&D team at Reebok-CCM Hockey is dedicated to continuously creating stateof-the-art ice hockey equipment designed to improve the experience for both professional and recreational players.  R&D teams are category-specific,  combining the
design,  engineering and product management functions.  The goal of this structure
is to create category expertise and improve speed to market. 

Development and
Testing Centre 
Montreal/
Quebec,  Canada 
20

TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
Selective purchase of external R&D expertise
In addition to its internal R&D efforts,  the adidas Group also purchases a limited amount of R&D
expertise from well-established research partners.  This strategy allows for greater flexibility and
faster access to know-how.  Moreover,  this accelerates the rate at which knowledge is built up
internally and across the Group.  To increase efficiency and protect research results,  collaborations
are usually long-term and exclusive.  Major adidas relationships exist with the University of
Calgary,  Canada,  the University of Michigan and Oregon State University,  USA,  the University of
Loughborough,  UK,  the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg,  RWTH Aachen University,  the University
of Bayreuth and the University of Freiburg,  Germany. 
In addition,  the adidas Group participates in a collaborative initiative called 'Speedfactory',  which
is a research project under the umbrella of the Industry 40 initiative of the German government. 
It focuses on a new era of autonomic robotic manufacturing by combining state-of-the-art
information and communication technologies (ICT) with industrial production,  innovative products
and skill-intensive electronic services.  Research topics include production logistics,  cognitive basic
technologies,  human-machine interaction and 3-D industrial applications.  Within Speedfactory,  the
adidas Group is reviewing the whole process chain from raw material to the final product.  Since
2014,  we are combining and integrating new materials and process technologies into software
solutions to enable automated and flexible production solutions.  More information on Speedfactory
can be found on our website. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
www, adidas-group, com/en/group/stories/
adidas-future-manufacturing 
Group Management Report Our Group
Research and Development 
/ 026 
/

In 2014,  Reebok maintained its long-term biomechanics research relationships with Arizona State
University and the University of Las Vegas.  R&D of Reebok hard goods equipment in partnership
with Loughborough University also continued in 2014.  In addition,  Reebok continued a research
initiative on wearable electronics with the University of Ottawa. 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf continued its long-term cooperation with researchers at the University of
Calgary in 2014,  identifying the players' ground interaction style and functional requirements for
footwear. 

Active trademark and patent protection policy
To capitalise on the Group's R&D achievements,  we seek patent protection for our innovations. 
We also own a substantial portfolio of registered trademarks for the Group's brands and related
proprietary names.  As part of our business policy,  we enforce the Group's trademarks and patents
by monitoring the marketplace for infringements and taking action to prevent them.  This includes
 vigorous anti-counterfeiting programme.  We also have comprehensive processes,  and undertake
significant research,  to avoid infringement of third-party intellectual property rights.  As we use
 wide range of different technologies in our products,  we are not dependent upon any single
technology,  or any patent rights related to any single technology. 

see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  154

Highly skilled technical personnel
Our R&D departments comprise experienced and multi-skilled people from different areas of
technical expertise and from diverse cultural backgrounds.  Product designers,  engineers and
sports scientists as well as material engineering experts focus on product development.  Process
and production specialists also form an essential part of our product development competencies. 
Other professional backgrounds include software development,  electronic engineering,  Finite
Element Analysis,  advanced CAD design and kinesiology. 

20

14

75

The number of people employed in the Group's R&D activities at December 31,  2014,  was 985compared to 992 employees in the prior year.  This represents 2% of total Group employees.  In 2015we expect the number of R&D employees to remain stable. 

Initiatives to further streamline product creation process
We aim at improving our ability to adapt to changing consumer preferences more quickly,  flexibly and
efficiently.  We achieve this by facilitating the direct interaction with and involvement of our suppliers
in product creation,  quality control,  product testing and commercialisation.  In 2014,  we continued to
enhance our computer simulation research platform to further reduce the time to market of product
innovations.  This software system,  with its advanced material and design capabilities,  allows for
more creativity in the design phase and significantly improves the level of product detailing.  While
increasing speed and reducing the need for physical product samples and testing in the R&D
process,  the benefits also translate into other Group commercial and efficiency initiatives.  Advanced
3-D models contributed to the Group's cross-functional virtualisation project,  where between 2010when this project began,  and year-end 2014 we reduced the number of manufactured physical
samples by over 18%.  An additional benefit of creating virtual assets is their application in other
areas,  such as e-commerce,  computer games,  virtual merchandising and digital communication. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Global Operations,  p.  66

Group Management Report Our Group
Research and Development 
/ 026 
/

R&D expenses at prior year level
R&D expenses include expenses for personnel and administration,  but exclude other costs,  for
example those associated with the design aspect of the product creation process.  In 2014,  as in
prior years,  all R&D costs were expensed as incurred.  adidas Group R&D expenses from continuing
operations increased 2% to € 126 million from € 124 million in the prior year.  Personnel expenses
represent the largest portion of R&D expenses,  accounting for almost 75% of total R&D expenditure. 
In 2014,  R&D expenses represented 20% of other operating expenses (2013: 20%).  R&D expenses
as a percentage of sales from continuing operations remained stable at 09% (2013: 09%). 

see Note 02,  p.  197

see Table 02

Successful commercialisation of technological innovations
We believe developing industry-leading technologies and user experiences is only one aspect of
being an innovation leader.  Even more important is the successful commercialisation of those
technological innovations.  The awards we attained in 2014 highlight our technology leadership
within the sporting goods industry. 
As in prior years,  the majority of adidas Group sales were generated with products newly introduced
in the course of 2014.  New products tend to have a higher gross margin compared to products
which have been in the market for more than one season.  As a result,  newly launched products
contributed over-proportionately to the Group's net income in 2014.  We expect this development to
continue in 2015 as our launch schedule includes a full pipeline of innovative products. 

20

14

76
02   /   Key R&D metrics 1) 2)
2014

2013

2012

2011

2010

R&D expenses
(€ in millions)

126

124

128

115

102

R&D expenses
(in % of net sales)

09

09

09

09

08

R&D expenses
(in % of other operating expenses)

20

20

21

21

20

R&D employees 
985

992

1035

1029

1002

1) 2014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the Rockport business. 
2) 2011 restated according to IAS 8.  Prior years are not restated. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Table 04

see Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  146

Group Management Report Our Group
Research and Development 
/ 026 
/

Successful product launches across all major adidas categories
In 2014,  adidas sales were again driven by the latest product offerings,  with products launched
during the course of the year accounting for 78% of brand sales (2013: 74%).  Only 2% of sales were
generated with products introduced three or more years ago (2013: 3%). 

03   /   Major product launches in 2014
Brand 
adidas 
Football World Cup Battle Pack 
adidas 
Brazuca Final Rio Official Match Ball for the World Cup Final 
adidas 
miCoach Smart Ball football 
adidas 
Predator Instinct football boot 
adidas 
Messi icon football range 
adidas 
New 11 Pro football boot 
adidas 
Energy Boost 20 running shoe 
adidas 
Pure Boost running shoe 
adidas 
adizero Boston Boost running shoe 
adidas 
ClimaHeat Rocket Boost running shoe 
adidas 
Crazylight Boost basketball shoe 
adidas 
John Wall basketball shoe 
adidas 
 Rose 5 basketball shoe 
adidas 
ClimaChill training apparel 
adidas 
ClimaHeat training collection 
adidas 
ClimaCool Boat Breeze outdoor shoe 
adidas 
Terrex ClimaHeat outdoor apparel 
adidas 
Originals Stan Smith shoe 
adidas 
Originals ZX Flux shoe 
adidas 
Originals by Topshop collection 
adidas 
Originals and The Farm collection 
adidas 
Originals miZXFLUX photo app 
adidas 
Pharrell Williams x adidas Originals collection 
adidas 
adidas Originals by Rita Ora collection 
adidas 
ZQuick running shoe 
Reebok 
Z-Jet running shoe 
Reebok 
All Terrain running shoe 
Reebok 
CrossFit Nano 40 training shoe 
Reebok 
Skyscape women's walking shoe 
Reebok 
Les Mills studio collection 
Reebok 
Dance and yoga collection 
Reebok 
Cardio Ultra studio shoe 
Reebok 
Reebok Pump limited anniversary editions 
Reebok 
Project (a) golf balls 
TaylorMade 
Tour Preferred wedges 
TaylorMade 
Ultimate driving iron UDI

TaylorMade 
RSi irons 
TaylorMade 
adizero One golf shoe 
adidas Golf 
XTD iron set 
Adams Golf 
Pro Series hybrids 
Adams Golf 
RibCor skate 
Reebok Hockey 
Goalie XLT equipment 
Reebok Hockey 
Resistance helmet 
CCM

Tacks skate and stick 
CCM

CCM RBZ SuperFast stick powered by TaylorMade 
CCM

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
77
14

adizero f50 Crazylight football boot 
20

Product 
Group Management Report Our Group
Research and Development 
/ 026 
/

20

14

78

The adidas brand introduced numerous major product innovations in 2014.  These included:
/ Back in 2013,  adidas launched its groundbreaking material innovation called Boost,  in partnership
with BASF.  Boost is an industry-first cushioning technology designed to deliver maximum energy
return,  responsiveness and comfort to athletes.  Following its successful launch in the running
category over the course of 2013,  Boost was integrated into additional running silhouettes as
well as other sports categories in 2014.  For example,  adidas introduced Boost to the basketball
category with the new Crazylight Boost and D Rose 5 Boost signature basketball shoe.  Boost
basketball technology underwent comprehensive testing for over a year with top NCAA and NBA
players.  All athletes participated through high-performance drills and game simulations and
gave universally positive feedback,  consistently preferring the Boost version of a shoe compared
to a standard EVA alternative.  Boost was also integrated into other categories,  such as trainingsnowboarding and baseball. 
/  2014,  adidas launched a revolution in active cooling technology,  the adidas ClimaChill apparel
In
range.  The range incorporates an innovative fabric using titanium and 3-D aluminium cooling
spheres,  which are strategically located to correspond with the warmest area of the body,  cooling
skin down upon contact.  The groundbreaking SubZero flat yarn contains titanium and is woven
throughout the inside of each ClimaChill jersey,  delivering up to 36% more cooling capacity. 
/  addition,  in the second half of 2014,  adidas introduced the ClimaHeat range,  which has been
In
engineered for athletes who require power insulation for training in cold weather.  The hollowfibre fabrics are engineered with yarns that are built to have a hollow core,  allowing higher
amounts of warm air to be trapped,  which ensures greater insulation without adding additional
weight.  The fibres provide advanced moisture control by wicking sweat away from the body and
transporting it to the outer surface of the fabric. 
/ 
The introduction of the world's first knitted football boot,  the adidas Samba Primeknit,  as well
as the adidas Primeknit FS,  the world's first all-in-one knitted football boot and sock hybridmarked the latest chapter in a rich history of revolutionary adidas football products and further
cemented Primeknit as one of the key technologies at the heart of adidas innovation.  The
unique 'sock silhouette' design provides a bespoke second-skin feel that offers the perfect fit
from toe to calf.  The one-piece design and strong light yarns of the Primeknit FS provide new
levels of flexibility and comfort with stability and strength equal to that of conventional boots.  The
advanced production techniques used to make Primeknit also allow for the one-layer upper to be
constructed with zones catering to various performance needs,  ensuring that both football boots
meet the requirements of all aspects of the game. 
/ 
The adidas miCoach Smart Ball is a Bluetooth Smart and app-enabled football with integrated
in-built sensors that track the ball's movement for football kicking training through an automated
coaching system.  The Smart Ball relays data on how hard the ball has been struck,  offers visual
flight trajectories,  depicts ball spin and shows impact points via the adidas miCoach Smart Ball
app.  This data can then be used to help train players,  providing coaching instructions on how to
alter kicking technique. 
/ 
The miZXFLUX app from adidas Originals has taken sneaker customisation to the next levelwith a bespoke personal touch.  Using the app on an iOS or Android phone,  users can upload new
images or photographs and apply them to the ZX Flux's upper.  Once the design is selected,  a 360°
3-D preview allows users to rotate,  scale and position their design until it is just right,  with the
ability to then save and share their designs on social networks and more. 
More information on these and other products can be found in the Global Brands Strategy section. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Global Brands Strategy,  p.  53

Group Management Report Our Group
Research and Development 
/ 026 
/

Reebok introduces new technology platforms
In 2014,  Reebok's latest products continued to generate the majority of Reebok's sales,  with an
estimated 73% of footwear sales coming from products launched in 2014 (2013: 59%).  Only 15% of
footwear product sales relate to products introduced three or more years ago (2013: 12%). 
In 2014,  Reebok presented several key product introductions.  Some of the highlights included:
/ 
The Reebok ZQuick was brought to market in 2014 and was designed to mimic technology found
in Z-rated tyres.  ZQuick is engineered with a softer compound and cut-groove geometry to
maximise ground contact area.  The ZSeries of footwear will continue in 2015,  especially with the
highly anticipated launch of the ZPump Fusion. 
/  training,  Reebok continued to expand its CrossFit Nano technology platform with a new
In
version,  the 40.  The shoe contains an all-new based mesh for enhanced breathability as well as
re-engineered multi-density Duracage for lightweight upper protection. 
/ 
Reebok also introduced Checklight,  a groundbreaking impact indicator for use in contact sports
and activities.  It has flexible electronics and motion sensors to accurately measure direct
accelerations in real time and provide actionable objective measurement of impact force. 
More information on these and other products can be found in the Global Brands Strategy section. 

see Global Brands Strategy,  p.  53

Innovation a key success factor for TaylorMade-adidas Golf
At TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  current products (i, e.  products launched in the last 18 months,  which is
the typical product life cycle in golf) represented 66% of total hardware sales in 2014 (2013: 81%). 
Products that had been brought to market three or more years ago accounted for 7% of sales in
2014 (2013: 5%). 

20

14

79

Despite a challenging market environment in the golf industry,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf retained its
status as the world's leading golf company in 2014,  with market leadership in key categories such as
metalwoods.  However,  in light of the Group's efforts to clean retail inventories and the shift to longer
product launch cycles,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf made a strategic decision to reduce the number of
new product introductions compared to previous years.  Among the highlight product launches in
2014 were:
/ 
Supplementing the SLDR driver introduced in the summer of 2013,  in 2014 TaylorMade added
SLDR-S woods and the SLDR irons.  With extremely low and forward weight distribution,  the
SLDR–S woods are able to deliver less spin and a higher launch angle when lofted up,  producing
significant distance gain for all players.  The SLDR irons are designed for better players using the
new sole slot technology. 
/ 
Launched at the end of 2014,  the RSi1 and RSi2 irons feature new face slots in addition to sole
slots and are filled with a soft polymer,  resulting in more distance consistency,  while keeping
the noticeably higher trajectory with a steeper angle of descent for soft landing of a slotted iron. 
More information on these and other products can be found in the TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy
section. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy,  p.  60

Group Management Report Our Group
Research and Development 
/ 026 
/

Reebok-CCM Hockey innovates in sticks and skates
At Reebok-CCM Hockey,  products launched in 2014 accounted for 60% of global sales (2013: 53%). 
Only 16% of sales were generated with products introduced three or more years ago (2013: 11%). 
Reebok-CCM Hockey product launches in 2014 included:
/ 
2014 marked the return of the legendary Tacks sub-brand to CCM skates and sticks.  The Tacks
skate is powered by an AttackFrame featuring extra-stiff composite reinforcements to provide
more explosive strides. 
/ 
CCM launched the CCM RBZ SuperFast stick powered by TaylorMade.  The RBZ stick worked on
in conjunction with TaylorMade features Speed Pocket technology to maximise puck speed.  In
addition,  CCM introduced the RibCor 40K stick. 
/ 
Another major launch for CCM was the Resistance helmet developed in collaboration with the
renowned Neurotrauma Impact Science Laboratory at the University of Ottawa.  The helmet
features a Rotational Energy Dampening System and impact pods to better manage rotational
and linear impacts. 
/ 
Reebok Hockey launch highlights in 2014 included the RibCor ice hockey skate.  Designed with an
agility profile,  the RibCor skate includes key technologies such as The Pump for customisation
and the new Black SpeedBlade for a harder,  longer-lasting edge. 
More information on these and other products can be found in the Reebok-CCM Hockey Strategy
section. 

20

14

80

see Reebok-CCM Hockey Strategy,  p.  64

Ambitious 2015 R&D targets
Our Group remains committed to maintaining a full and innovative product pipeline,  bringing new
groundbreaking technologies and evolutions of concepts to the market each year.  This way,  we want
to further drive product leadership across all brands and increase consumer desire. 
In 2015,  cushioning and energy solutions,  lightweight and digital sports technologies as well
as sustainable product innovation will continue to be at the forefront of adidas R&D activities. 
Additionally,  investments and research emphasis will also include areas such as new manufacturing
processes and advanced materials to drive the development of revolutionary products and industrychanging manufacturing approaches as we aim to position the brand as both a technology and
sustainability leader in the sporting goods industry. 
Reebok's R&D activities in 2015 will continue to centre on the brand's strategy and focus on its
technology pillars,  including ZSeries,  The Pump,  DMX Moving Air,  Skyscape,  Smoothfit,  ZigTechRealFlex and Checklight. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Group Strategy,  p.  46

Group Management Report Our Group
Research and Development 
/ 026 
/

TaylorMade-adidas Golf's development efforts will reinforce industry leadership by enhancing
golfers' performance through a focus on technologies which increase distance for woods combining
improvements in low and forward weight distribution with new flexible sole pocket design which
provides more consistent distance for irons with a combination of sole and face slots.  Finallydeveloping new golf balls able to fly under lower spin conditions to maximise driver distance will
also be a key part of TaylorMade-adidas Golf's research efforts in 2015. 
Reebok-CCM Hockey R&D efforts will focus on introducing new technologies and,  at the same timeadvancing existing product platforms with a focus on performance skates and sticks.  Reebok-CCM
Hockey will also continue its collaboration with TaylorMade-adidas Golf and its university research
partners. 
More information on 2015 product initiatives can be found in our outlook section. 

see Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  146

04   /   2014 product awards
Category 
Product 
Award 
adidas 
Running 
adizero Adios Boost running shoe 
2014 Editor's Choice Award / Runner's World Magazine (UK)

adidas 
Running 
Supernova Sequence Boost
running shoe 
2014 Best Update / Runner's World Magazine (UK)

adidas 
Running 
Supernova Glide 6 & 7 running
shoes 
2014 Editor's Choice Award / Runner's World Magazine (UK)

adidas 
Running 
Pure Boost running shoe 
Best Sneaker of 2014 / complex magazine (US)

adidas 
Running 
adizero Boston Boost 5 running
shoe 
Award for Best Renovation by Fortius / The Running Network (US)

adidas 
Running 
Response Boost running shoe 
Best Shoe of 2014 / Running Product Reviews 
adidas 
miCoach 
Smart Run watch 
Best of the Best in Product Design / Red Dot Award 2014

adidas 
miCoach 
Smart Ball football 
Honoree for Best of Innovation / 2015 Consumer Electronics Show (CES)

adidas 
Training 
adidas by Stella McCartney Pure
Boost Dark Space 
Award for Best Sneaker / Vegan Fashion Award / Peta (Germany)

adidas 
Outdoor 
Terrex AllAlpine Concept jacket 
OutDoor Industry Award 2014 / OutDoor Show Friedrichshafen 
adidas 
Originals 
Stan Smith shoe 
Shoe of the Year / WWD Footwear News 
adidas 
Porsche Design Sport
by adidas 
BOUNCE:S4 shoe 
Award for Outstanding Product Design / 2014 Red Dot Award
Awards for High Quality,  Design and Ergonomics / Plus X Award
Award for Best Product of the Year / Plus X Award 
adidas 
Porsche Design Sport
by adidas 
Wool Mix jacket 
Awards for High Quality and Design / Plus X Award 
adidas 
Porsche Design Sport
by adidas 
Functional Knit jacket 
Awards for High Quality and Design / Plus X Award 
Reebok 
Training 
CrossFit Sprint TR training shoe 
Best Sneaker 2014 / Fitness Magazine (US)

Reebok 
Training 
CrossFit Nano 30 training shoe 
Best Strength Training Shoe / Men's Health (US)

Reebok 
Training 
Checklight 
Award for Best New Product / 2014 Corporate Entrepreneur Awards
Fast Company Innovation by Design Award / Fast Company Magazine
Award for Product Design in Sports & Fitness Category / Red Dot Award 2014
Award for Best Consumer Product / The Wearables 2014

TaylorMade 
Golf 
SLDR driver 
Editor's Hot List Gold Award 2014 / Golf Digest Hot List 
81

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
20

14

Brand 


Group Management Report Our Group
Employees 
/ 027 
/

Employees
Becoming the leader in the sporting goods industry depends upon the dedicationknowledge and performance of our employees and excellence of our leaders.  As such,  we
place considerable effort into creating a work environment that stimulates innovationteam spirit,  engagement and achievement. 

Human Resources to support the achievement of the Group's strategic targets
In 2014,  adidas Group Human Resources continued to drive organisational strategies through
its initiatives and programmes comprising four strategic areas of focus: 'Leadership',  'People''Capabilities' and 'Efficiencies'.  2015 activity will focus on sustaining existing programmes and
reorienting for future strategy,  under the leadership of Karen Parkin,  our new Chief Human
Resources Officer,  in order to actively contribute to the success of our new Strategic Business Plan. 

Commitment to leadership excellence
We focus on elevating our leaders' strengths,  in particular how leaders create the right environment
for our employees to be inspired,  committed and motivated. 

20

14

82

Strategic area  /  Leadership
Development of leadership talent 
We therefore continue to have a strong focus on investing in the way we work and lead across our
global leadership teams.  At the beginning of 2014,  over 85 global leadership teams (700 leaders)
took part in a 'Leadership Journey'.  These journeys include intensive sessions of self-reflection of
mindsets,  and 360° feedback.  The focus during the remainder of the year was to sustain the journey
and embed in daily leadership routines. 

Enabling employees to reach their personal best
To reach their personal best,  our Group's employees are offered a wide variety of learning
opportunities,  building on their strengths,  improving their skills and overcoming their own
challenges.  Our highest priority is to match individual employee aspirations with our organisational
needs.  As such,  we continue to build our integrated talent management process,  incorporating
performance,  succession,  development and learning opportunities to enable our employees to
reach their potential at every stage of their career. 
Talent management: The quality of current and future talent and leadership within the adidas Group
is key to our success.  With specifically designed talent management tools,  we identify talents at
all levels of our Group who have the potential to become future leaders or key players within the
organisation.  In order to prepare them for more complex future roles,  they participate in targeted
development programmes and have tailored individual development plans. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Strategic area  /  People
Talent,  performance and succession management 
see Diagram 01

Group Management Report Our Group
Employees 
/ 027 
/

These comprise:
/ 
Executive Development Programme (EDP): a global,  cross-functional programme for employees
who show potential for the executive level.  The programme is centrally managed and takes place
every second year.  It was not carried out in 2014 (2013: 49 participants). 
/ 
Management Development Programme (MDP): a global programme which is executed regionally. 
This programme is tailored to employees from different functional areas and brands who show
potential for director positions.  In 2014,  we had 87 employees participating in this programme
(2013: 89). 
/ 
People Manager Development Programme (PDP): a global programme which is executed locally. 
The programme targets employees at a professional level who show potential to become team
leads or senior managers.  In 2014,  114 employees participated in this programme (2013: 114). 
In addition,  we offer tailored graduate programmes.  The Business Management Programme (BMP)a 24-month international,  cross-functional and cross-brand programme,  is aimed at attracting
professionals with MBA degrees and three to five years of work experience.  The goal of this
programme is to prepare them for future management positions within our Group.  At year-end
2014,  six employees were participating in the BMP globally (2013: 6). 

Our development programmes are complemented by apprenticeship and internship programmes. 
The adidas Group apprenticeship offers young people who want to join our Group directly out of
school the opportunity to gain business experience in a two- to three-year rotation programme. 
The programme includes vocational training in retail,  industrial management and IT,  as well as
integrated study programmes.  At the end of 2014,  we employed 60 apprentices in Germany (2013:
59) and 52 integrated study programme students (2013: 62).  Our global internship programme
offers students three to six months of work experience within the adidas Group.  At the end of 2014we employed 524 interns in Germany (2013: 532). 

01   /   Development and training framework 
Talent Development 'Fit for Tomorrow'

Executive 
Executive Development Programme (EDP)

Manager 
Management Development Programme (MDP)

Professional 
People Manager Development Programme (PDP)
Business Management Programme (BMP)
Functional Trainee Programme (FTP)

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

83
20

The Functional Trainee Programme (FTP) is an 18-month programme providing graduates with an
international background and excellent educational credentials the opportunity to start a functional
career within the adidas Group.  The programme comprises six three-month assignments in various
departments.  At least one of these assignments takes place abroad.  At year-end 2014,  we employed
41 participants in our global FTP (2013: 57). 

Group Management Report Our Group
Employees 
/ 027 
/

Performance management: To further drive a high-performance culture within the adidas Groupwe use a performance management approach called 'The Score'.  It brings target setting,  employee
development and performance appraisal under one common process.  While building on our key
values of performance management,  The Score also brings focus,  simplicity and alignment in
setting team and individual targets.  Each employee is evaluated and receives feedback at least
twice a year,  and employee development planning is further supported by the process and system
solution. 
Succession management: The adidas Group succession management approach aims to ensure
stability and certainty in business continuity.  We achieve this through a globally consistent succession
plan which covers successors for director level positions and above,  including the Board positions
of the Group.  These positions and the respective potential successors are regularly discussed by
senior management and our global HR leadership teams.  The succession reviews create a clear
picture of the successors' readiness and outlines the necessary development actions.  Based upon
this information,  we ensure individual development plans are in place to prepare successors for
their potential next steps.  We also use the successor information to create dynamic talent pools.  All
information is consolidated in a succession management risk analysis. 

Remuneration system based on performance 
20

14

84

We are committed to rewarding our employees with compensation and benefit programmes that
are competitive in the marketplace.  Remuneration throughout the Group comprises fixed and
variable monetary compensation,  non-monetary rewards,  as well as other intangible benefits.  The
cornerstone of our rewards programme is our Global Salary Management System,  which is used as
 basis for establishing and evaluating the value of employees' positions and salaries in a marketdriven and performance-oriented way.  In addition to a fixed base salary,  we offer our employees
various variable compensation components. 
Bonus programme: In order to allow our employees to participate in the Group's success,  and to
reward them for their target achievement,  we have a global bonus programme.  To further drive
our performance culture on the organisational as well as individual level,  this programme provides
an incentive influenced by both corporate performance (actual financial results measured against
Group and market targets) as well as individual performance (measured in the performance
management approach,  The Score). 
Profit participation programme: For employees at our Group headquarters and our other locations
in Germany who do not participate in the bonus programme,  we have a profit participation
programme called the 'Champions' Bonus'. 
Long-term incentive programmes: In order to encourage sustainable financial results,  retain
our top leadership and promote continuous commitment,  the adidas Group offers a Long-Term
Incentive Plan (LTIP) for leaders and Executive Board members.  Other benefits include our 401(k)
retirement plans in the USA and the adidas Group pension plan for our employees in Germany.  In
2014,  3572 employees participated in the latter (2013: 2315). 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Strategic area  /  People
Performance-driven remuneration system 
Group Management Report Our Group
Employees 
/ 027 
/

Our Group subsidiaries also grant a variety of benefits to employees,  depending upon locally defined
practices and country-specific regulations and norms. 

Creating an attractive work environment
We aim to offer our employees an attractive work environment.  In this context,  the following aspects
play a central role:

Strategic area  /  People
Our objective: To be the employer of choice 
Global mobility: As a global company with less than 10% of our employees located in Germany,  we
actively encourage global talent mobility and offer our employees the opportunity to gain international
experience through a variety of assignment programmes and international placements.  Besides
offering our employees the possibility of pursuing an international career,  our global mobility
programme enables us to better fulfil consumer needs around the world.  We comprehensively
reviewed and further developed our mobility programme in 2014. 
Work-life integration: We aim to harmonise the commercial interests of the adidas Group with the
professional,  private and family needs of our employees.  Our Work-Life Integration Programme
includes flexible work time and place,  people development and leadership competence related to
work-life integration,  as well as family-oriented services.  In addition to providing flexible working
arrangements,  teleworking,  sabbaticals and parent/child offices,  we have had a child-care facility
at our company premises in Canton,  USA,  since 2002 and a day-care centre for 110 children at our
headquarters in Herzogenaurach,  Germany,  since 2013. 

02   /   Key employee statistics 1)
2014

2013

53731

49808

Male 
50%

51%

Female 
50%

49%

Male 
72%

72%

Female 
28%

28%

30

30





Total number of employees
Total employees (in %)

Management positions (in %)

Average age of employees (in years) 2)
Average length of service (in years)
1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the Rockport business. 
2) At year-end. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
20

14

85
Diverse sports activities for employees: We offer our employees a wide range of sports activities
at our major sites.  Employees in Herzogenaurach,  Portland,  Canton and at other subsidiaries have
access to a company gym and numerous other sports facilities.  Our Company Sports department in
Herzogenaurach also organises various team and individual sports activities.  In 2014,  the Company
Sports department in Germany offered 335 courses and 45 events,  which were attended by more
than 6500 participants (2013: > 6000). 

Group Management Report Our Group
Employees 
/ 027 
/

Diverse work environment: Diversity is one of the adidas Group's four core values.  We understand
that it takes people with different ideas,  strengths,  interests and cultural backgrounds to ensure
we achieve our goals.  A high degree of diversity is already represented within our workforce.  At our
Group's global headquarters,  for example,  we have employees from almost 80 nations. 
In addition to the internationality of our workforce,  we believe that diversity in the form of mixed
leadership teams contributes to the strength of our company,  and we are committed to bringing
this to life.  We have joined other DAX-30 companies in an effort to increase the proportion of
women in management.  We defined the specific target of increasing the proportion of women in
management to 32% by the end of 2017 (2014: 28% worldwide).  To reach this,  we have strongly
increased the proportion of women in our leadership development programmes to over 35%.  In
our global internal Women's Networking Group,  women can support,  coach and advise other
women,  and promote female career development across the company.  Following the Supervisory
Board election in 2014,  the number of female Supervisory Board members increased from two
members to four. 

20

14

86

Additional diversity initiatives include:
/ 
The adidas Group is an active member of the 'Charta der Vielfalt' ('Diversity Charter') in Germany
in order to share our best-practice knowledge regarding awareness of diversity and inclusion in
the work environment. 
/  have regular events highlighting diversity as a key topic,  e.g.  on the occasion of our 2014
We
Diversity Day,  addressing up-to-date diversity topics with internal and external presenters. 
/  continued our support of the LGBT community and built up our LGBT network in 2014,  which
We
is driven by our employees. 
Employee engagement: To ensure that we will achieve our ambitious strategic targets we need an
engaged and motivated workforce.  The adidas Group regularly carries out employee engagement
surveys in order to measure the engagement and motivation of our employees.  The results of these
surveys are a non-financial KPI for our Group.  They enable us to develop the right focus and future
people strategies across our organisation.  The results of our first two global engagement surveys
03   /  Awards 
The Candidate Experience Award/
The Talent Board 
trendence School Leavers
Barometer/Germany's Top 100
Employers 
The World's Most Attractive
Employers/Universum 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Corporate Governance Report including the
Declaration on Corporate Governance,  p.  20

see Glossary,  p.  258

see Internal Group Management System,  p.  98

Group Management Report Our Group
Employees 
/ 027 
/

conducted in 2010 and 2013,  were stable at a rate comparable to the average engagement level
of our survey provider's client database.  In 2013,  improvements were achieved in specific scores
relating to performance management and learning and development opportunities.  In 2014,  the
adidas Group continued to act on the findings of the second employee engagement survey as well
as subsequent follow-up analysis.  Globally coordinated Results to Action teams (R2A) have been
formed across all departments in order to address our employees' feedback.  We aim to improve
the overall engagement score in our next employee engagement survey,  which will be conducted
in 2016. 

We believe that a robust and state-of-the-art internal communication platform is essential for driving
employee engagement and fostering learning as well as open collaboration within our organisation. 
We use an enterprise collaboration platform called 'a-LIVE',  which brings the intranet,  online
collaboration platforms and important system applications under one roof.  It allows departments
and teams to quickly build and edit their own internal collaboration and communication platforms
and connects users across departments as well as locations.  It encourages employees to share
knowledge,  collaborate and discuss current topics.  In addition,  we have established an 'Ask the
Management' platform on our intranet,  enabling employees to openly address questions to our
senior leaders which are then answered promptly. 

04   /   Number of employees by function 1)   
2014

2013

Employees 2)

Own retail 
Full-time
equivalents 3)

Employees 2)

Full-time
equivalents 3)

21694

31803

25135  

27477

Sales 
3936

3815  

4457

4271

Logistics 
6009

5545  

5945

5405

Marketing 
3990

3841  

3844

3701

Central functions and administration 
4536

4282  

4540

4275

Production 
1360

1287  

1501

1437

985

924  

992

948

1112

1088  

1052

1028

53731

45917

49808

42758

Research & development
IT
Total 
1) At year-end.  Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the Rockport business. 
2) Number of employees on a headcount basis. 
3)  umber of employees on a full-time equivalent basis.  Due to the high share of part-time employees in our Retail segmentN
this figure is lower than the number of employees counted on a headcount basis. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Strategic area  /  Capabilities
Internal collaboration and e-learning 
87
14

Online platforms to drive employee collaboration and learning 
see Diagram 03

20

Employer of choice: Our 'employer of choice' status continues to garner worldwide recognition and
enables us to attract,  retain and engage industry-leading talent to sustain the company's success
and growth.  In 2014,  adidas Group locations around the world leveraged our employer brand
attributes for attraction,  retention and engagement strategies.  In 2014,  this work contributed to
driving 4 million visitors to our career site,  with 15 million job views and over 300000 applications
worldwide.  This work has also enabled us to recruit some of the industry's top talent. 

Group Management Report Our Group
Employees 
/ 027 
/

2014 also saw the global launch of the adidas Group 'Learning Campus' and with that the activation
of a state-of-the-art learning platform that provides opportunities for both e-learning and sharing
knowledge.  Employees are able to access and share content 24/7 in a virtual environment. 

Commitment to drive efficiency through HR processes 
Strategic area  /  Efficiencies 
We are committed to establishing lean,  system-supported HR processes to unleash efficiency gains
while continuing to support employees with quality service.  In 2014,  therefore,  we laid the foundation
for a global adidas HR Services model,  designed core processes,  systems and tools and carried out
pilot programmes for the model at our headquarters in Herzogenaurach,  Germany. 

Global employee base further increases
On December 31,  2014,  the Group had 53731 employees,  which represents an increase of 8% versus
49808 in the previous year.  This development is primarily related to the expansion of the Group's
own-retail store base,  particularly in emerging markets globally.  An overview of the development of
our employee base in the past ten years can be found in our ten-year overview. 
On a full-time equivalent basis,  our Group had 45917 employees on December 31,  2014 (2013:
42758).  Due to the high share of employees working on a part-time basis in the Retail segment,  this
figure is lower than the figure reported on a headcount basis.  Personnel expenses for continuing
operations increased slightly to € 1842 billion in 2014 (2013: € 1833 billion),  representing 13% of
Group sales (2013: 13%). 

 
see Table 04
see Ten-Year Overview,  p.  254

see Table 04
see Note 32,  p.  235

20

14

88
05   /   Employees by function 1)


4

2

1) At year-end. 

67 8

2014



06   /   Employees by region 1)

 /	 59%	 Own retail
 /	 11%	Logistics
9%	
Central functions &
 /	
		­administration
7%	Sales
 /	
7%	Marketing
 /	
3%	Production
 /	
2%	IT
 /	
2%	 Research & development
 /	


3

 /	





2014


1) At year-end. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 


33%	European Emerging
Markets 
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	

24%	
21%	
8%	
8%	
6%	

North America
Western Europe
Greater China
Latin America
Other Asian Markets 


Group Management Report Our Group
Sustainability 
/ 028 
/

Sustainability
The adidas Group is responsible and accountable for developing and implementing
sustainable business practices that adhere to our operational needs as well as our social
and environmental obligations.  We therefore continuously engage with our various
stakeholders with the goal of enhancing the social and environmental performance of the
Group.  Our activities in this area are based on a comprehensive Group-wide sustainability
strategy. 

Sustainability strategy founded on four pillars
The adidas Group's sustainability strategy is rooted in the Group's values performance,  passionintegrity and diversity and addresses those issues we have identified as most material for our
business model.  It is built on the achievements and learnings from previous years,  while taking into
account the societal landscape and future global trends. 

PEOPLE

PRODUCT

OUR 4 PILLARS OF
SUSTAINABILITY

The four pillars of our sustainability strategy are:

Supply chain as the core of our sustainability programme
We have a responsibility to our employees and the workers in our suppliers' factories as well as
the environment.  Malpractice in these areas,  in particular human rights violations and dubious
employment practices,  can have a significant impact on the reputation and operational efficiency
of our Group and our suppliers.  Therefore,  covering labour rights,  health and safety as well as
environmental protection at our own sites and our suppliers' factories is of the highest importance
to us. 
Careful supplier selection: To improve working conditions throughout our supply chain,  Global
Operations works closely with our SEA (Social and Environmental Affairs) team on supplier
selection.  The SEA team assesses all potential new suppliers,  and orders can only be placed with a
new supplier if SEA approval has been granted. 
Defined rules and standards in the supply chain: We have defined rules and standards embedding
our own corporate values as well as those that society expects of global businesses.  These
standards follow International Labour Organization (ILO) and United Nations conventions relating
to human rights and employment practices,  as well as the model code of conduct of the World
Federation of the Sporting Goods Industry (WFSGI).  We have condensed our rules into a publicly
available supplier code of conduct that we call our 'Workplace Standards'.  These Standards help
us select manufacturing partners and serve as guiding principles in the early identification and
treatment of potential issues of concern at our suppliers' sites. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
PLANET

PARTNERSHIP

14

89
20

/ People: We positively influence the lives of our employees,  factory workers and people living in
the communities where we have a business presence. 
/ Product: We find better ways to create our products mainly through innovation,  increased use
of more sustainable materials and efficiencies. 
/ Planet: We reduce the environmental footprint of both our own operations and our suppliers'
factories. 
/ Partnership: We engage with critical stakeholders and collaborate with partners to improve our
industry. 

Strategic pillar  /  People
Responsibility to workers in our suppliers' factories 
see Global Operations,  p.  66

www, adidas-group, com/s/workplace-standards 
Group Management Report Our Group
Sustainability 
/ 028 
/

To illustrate how suppliers should implement our Standards,  we have created a set of detailed
guidelines for use in factory settings,  which demonstrate our expectations for fair,  healthy,  safe
workplace conditions and environmentally sound factory operations.  The guidelines are updated on
 regular basis and are publicly available on our website.  They are also used to determine suppliers'
compliance with our Standards and to advise and train our suppliers in improving their social and
environmental performance. 
Monitoring and rating our factories: The SEA team assesses compliance with the Workplace
Standards by means of factory inspections.  Our auditors check performance against a customised
risk list for each factory that is monitored.  The methodology is linked to a factory rating which
measures the effectiveness of compliance systems and the work of their administrators.  A KPI
rating tool helps us evaluate six fundamental elements of social compliance covering management
commitment,  the quality of management systems in place,  worker-management communicationtraining delivered,  transparent reporting and measurement of compliance activities.  According to
the results,  suppliers are assessed with a compliance rating (C rating) score between 1 and 5 (with
 being the best rating).  The latest results show that,  in 2014,  64% of our direct suppliers achieved
 3C (good) or better rating (2013: 54%).  We have thus already achieved our target for 2015 to have
60% of our direct suppliers meet a 3C (good) rating or better under our social compliance KPI rating. 
With this approach,  we encourage our suppliers to take responsibility for their own performance
including reporting of key social and health and safety indicators.  These ratings are a non-financial
KPI for our Group.  They also enable us to precisely determine training needs at our suppliers'
factories. 

see Table 01

see Internal Group Management System,  p.  98

20

14

90

www, adidas-group, com/s/standards-and-policies 
During 2014,  we conducted 1299 factory visits (2013: 1489 visits) involving different types of auditstrainings and meetings with factory management as well as employees at various levels in our
supply chain.  We have seen more supplier factories qualifying for self-governance status (factories
that have reached 4C or 5C status) which means that factories have proven to operate effective
human resources,  health and safety as well as environmental management systems by themselves. 
Because of their high compliance performance,  factory audits were slightly reduced at these factory
facilities.  In addition to our own monitoring activities,  we value independent and unannounced
assessment by third parties to demonstrate the credibility of and provide verified information about
our programme to stakeholders.  As a member of the Fair Labor Association (FLA),  the adidas Group
is subject to external assessment by independent monitors,  participation in the FLA third-party
complaint system and public reporting.  The monitoring programme of the adidas Group has been
accredited by the FLA twice since joining the organisation 15 years ago.  During this period,  more
than 300 independent assessments have been conducted at adidas Group suppliers. 

see Diagram 02

01   /   Compliance ratings
Grade 
KPI score band 
Performance description 
1C

0–29%

There are numerous severe non-compliance issues and no compliance management and compliance practices in place. 
The factory has been given notice that business will be terminated unless there is immediate improvement. 

2C

30–59%

There are some non-compliance issues and no compliance management systems.  However,  there are some effective
compliance practices being delivered. 

3C

60–79%

There are minor non-compliance issues.  The factory has compliance management systems and some effective
compliance practices in place. 

4C

80–89%

Generally,  there are no non-compliance issues.  The factory has compliance management systems in place,  and most of
the components are effective. 

5C

90–100%

There are no non-compliance issues and all of the factory's management systems and practices are well delivered and
effective. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Our Group
Sustainability 
/ 028 
/

Encouraging self-governance and achieving sustainable compliance: We help our core business
partners in establishing management systems with internationally recognised standards such as
ISO 14001 for environmental management or OHSAS 18000 for health and safety management
systems.  We believe that good management systems help factories improve their day-to-day
operations,  support the process of self-governance and continuously enhance their social and
environmental performance.  We help them build and strengthen human resources systems to
maintain proper working conditions,  including factory grievance systems to routinely find and
fix non-compliance issues.  Furthermore,  by enforcing employment standards at the sites of our
manufacturing suppliers,  we empower workers to protect their own rights and take an active role
in decision-making. 

02   /   Number of factory visits 
14

91
20

Training our suppliers to achieve sustainable compliance: As part of the adidas Group's continuous
efforts to achieve more effective and sustainable practices within its supply chain,  the Group has
initiated a system of multi-level and cross-functional training sessions together with its global
supplier network.  Our SEA team not only offers specific training courses and workshops for factory
supervisors and managers to help them apply our Standards and implement best practices but
also promotes the establishment of structures that actively involve workers and management of
our suppliers as well as local employee associations and non-governmental organisations (NGOs). 
In order to strengthen personnel capacities throughout our company,  our SEA team similarly
organises workshops for licensees,  agents and adidas Group business entities.  In this way,  the
consideration of fair working conditions becomes a routine part of our business activities.  In 2014the SEA team conducted 131 training sessions and workshops (2013: 148).  We offered more group
trainings,  i, e.  training sessions for more than one supplier instead of individual training sessions. 
That way,  we have been able to achieve higher efficiencies and provide opportunities for crosslearning and best-practice sharing among suppliers. 

see Diagram 03

03   /   Number of trainings 
2014

1299 1)

2014

131 1)

2013

1489

2013

148

2012

1564

2012

172

2011

1591

2011

170

2010

1451

2010

193

1)  ith more supplier factories qualifying for self-governance status (factories that have

reached 4C or 5C status),  factory audits were slightly reduced at these factory facilities. 

1)  n 2014,  we offered more group trainings instead of individual training sessions. 

As a result,  we have been able to achieve higher efficiencies. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Our Group
Sustainability 
/ 028 
/

Warning-letter system to enforce compliance: Where a manufacturing supplier is performing
poorly in terms of Workplace Standards compliance,  we work closely with them to find solutions. 
However,  when we find ongoing and serious instances of non-compliance as well as a lack of
commitment from factory management to address the issues,  we send out a formal warning letter
including a notification to factory management that their business relationship with the adidas
Group is in jeopardy.  Overall,  three warning letters result in a termination.  In 2014,  we terminated
our business relationship with 13 suppliers for compliance reasons (2013: 9 terminations). 

Revised adidas Group Code of Conduct for employees
The adidas Group's reputation is one of its key business assets and is fundamental to long-term
success.  All employees are expected to act with fairness and responsibility as well as in compliance
with relevant laws and regulations while carrying out their tasks.  In order to maintain good corporate
governance,  we have adopted the adidas Group Code of Conduct as part of our internal Global Policy
Manual. 

Strategic pillar  /  People
Our employees 
In 2014,  the adidas Group significantly revised its existing Code of Conduct and organised various
activations to familiarise its employees with the Code.  In addition,  a training plan ensures that all
employees and relevant third parties understand and adhere to the Group's compliance and ethics
requirements. 

Supporting communities with dedicated approach
20

14

92

For many years,  the adidas Group has been actively supporting communities through various
programmes such as the ongoing support from the adidas brand through its corporate volunteering
programmes managed by the adidas Fund,  Reebok's track record in supporting human rights
groups or TaylorMade-adidas Golf's long-standing programme supporting charities. 

Strategic pillar  /  People
Community engagement 
All our programmes are built on three complementary pillars community involvement,  employee
engagement and corporate giving determined by local cultural,  economic and social factors. 
Programmes on Group level are supplementary programmes led by our SEA team.  They include
activities at Group headquarters,  relief operations and projects in suppliers' countries.  For more
information please see our website. 

Sustainability in our product creation process
One key goal of our sustainability strategy is to reduce the overall environmental impact of materials
used in our products.  We aim to find materials that reduce waste or have less of an impact throughout
their whole life cycle.  The adidas Group has various initiatives in place that help to achieve its goal
of increasing the usage of recycled and sustainable materials. 
Sustainable materials: Environmentally preferred materials have replaced conventional materials
in many of our footwear and apparel products.  In addition,  we strive to continuously broaden the
range of more sustainable products by developing environmentally friendly product solutions and
using innovative materials. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
www, adidas-group, com/s/community-engagement 
Strategic pillar  /  Product
Product creation 
Group Management Report Our Group
Sustainability 
/ 028 
/

One example is our commitment to use 100% 'sustainable cotton' (Better Cotton,  certified organic
cotton or any other form of sustainably produced cotton that is currently available or might be in
future) in all our products by 2018.  More information about sustainable cotton can be found on our
website. 
Sustainable product construction: The number of adidas products that have integrated sustainability
considerations has grown continuously in recent years.  This growth is supported by ongoing
innovation in the area of sustainable product construction and manufacturing techniques,  such as
the revolutionary DryDye technology or the low-waste initiative.  DryDye is a polyester fabric dyeing
process that uses no water,  50% fewer chemicals and 50% less energy than the traditional fabric
dyeing process.  The low-waste initiative produces footwear with fewer parts,  recycled materials
and maximum pattern efficiency,  aiming to reduce material waste.  For example,  in footwear,  we
took on the challenge of creating a performance shoe with the least amount of waste possible.  The
result was the Element Voyager,  a streamlined,  simplified running shoe that reached 95% pattern
efficiency in the upper and contains 60% fewer components than a traditional running shoe. 

www, bettercotton, org
www, adidas-group, com/s/product-materials 
see Glossary,  p.  258

Virtual technologies: We increasingly use virtual technologies to reduce the quantity of physical
samples required to design and sell new products.  Virtualising processes help us save resources
and money by reducing material waste,  transportation and distribution costs.  And with fewer
samples being transported by airfreight,  we are also reducing our carbon emissions. 

In order to further guide our suppliers with input chemical chemistry selection,  we partnered up
with bluesign technologies in 2014 and are going to implement their chemical data management
system,  the bluefinder.  With this,  our suppliers select best-in-class chemicals,  so that they can
produce materials using chemicals that are included in the database. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

93
20

Control and monitoring of restricted substances: We have specified clear standards for the use
of restricted substances that follow the strictest local regulations and best practice standards
for consumer care and safety.  These standards are mandatory for all business partners and are
updated regularly based on findings in our ongoing dialogue with scientific organisations.  They
cover general requirements for eco-labels and green seals (e.g.  ÖKO-Tex Standard 100,  Toxproof
TÜV Rheinland) for footwear,  apparel and hardware products.  Both our own quality assurance
laboratories and external testing institutes are used to constantly monitor material samples to
ensure supplier compliance with these requirements.  Materials that do not meet our standards and
specifications are rejected. 

Group Management Report Our Group
Sustainability 
/ 028 
/

Improving our environmental footprint at our own sites
Based on an analysis of our environmental impacts in different areas of operation,  we have put
our Environmental Strategy in place.  A part of our Environmental Strategy is the 'Green Company'
initiative,  which is targeted to substantially improve the environmental footprint of our own sites. 
One of the key goals is to operate certified environmental management systems at major sites
of the adidas Group.  Overall,  by 2015,  we aim to reduce the relative carbon emissions at our own
sites by 30%.  By the end of 2014,  13 major sites of the adidas Group had certified environmental
management systems in place.  Around 20% of the adidas Group's workforce is located at these sites. 
Further information can be found on our website. 

Driving environmental improvements in our supply chain
In our supply chain,  activities focus on helping suppliers establish sound environmental management
systems at their manufacturing plants to best reduce their negative environmental impacts.  We
have guidelines and training programmes in place for our suppliers,  using the environmental
performance of our own production sites as best practice examples. 

20

14

94

Strategic pillar  /  Planet
Environmental management at own sites 
www, adidas-group, com/s/green-company 
Strategic pillar  /  Planet
Environmental management in the supply chain 
The majority of our footwear sourcing volume is produced in factories which are OHSAS 18000 and/
or ISO 14001 certified.  The remaining part of our footwear sourcing volume is produced in factories
that have management systems in place but have not yet been certified.  All footwear factories are
regularly assessed against the adidas Group's standards on environment and workplace health and
safety.  We use 'Environmental Key Performance Indicators' to track the progress of environmental
efforts undertaken by our strategic suppliers.  Furthermore,  we have established a database to
collect environmental data from the factories of our core suppliers.  A range of other activities have
been implemented to reduce our carbon footprint in the supply and distribution chain. 

Reducing our chemical footprint through a chemical management programme
As part of our Environmental Strategy we have a chemical management programme in place
ensuring the continuous improvement of our chemical footprint.  The programme comprises four
elements:

/ Product safety: Back in 1998,  the company pioneered a Restricted Substances Policy for product
materials,  prohibiting the use of chemicals considered as harmful or toxic,  which is updated
annually.  Ever since,  we have continued to develop and update our policies which ban or restrict
chemicals in our products. 
/ Environmental audits: Over the years,  we have developed a series of guidelines for suppliers
with comprehensive and detailed standards on handling,  storage and disposal of chemicals as
well as standards for waste water treatment and effluents.  These guidelines are the basis for
factory inspections and assessments conducted by our Social & Environmental Affairs team and
external auditors.  In 2014,  the company conducted 122 environmental audits at its suppliers'
factories (2013: 149). 
/ Chemical input: In addition to the bluesign technologies bluefinder introduced in 2014,  which
guides our suppliers in selecting the right chemicals,  we have committed to being 90% PFC-free
in our products as of June 15,  2014 and to phasing out the use of long-chain PFCs by no later
than January 1,  2015.  As a further step,  we have committed to being 99% PFC-free by no later
than December 31,  2017.  Chemical management on site will continue to be monitored through
the adidas Group's environmental audits. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Strategic pillar  /  Planet
Chemical management 
www, adidas-group, com/s/restricted-substances 
www, adidas-group, com/s/environmental-guidelines 
Group Management Report Our Group
Sustainability 
/ 028 
/

/ Disclosure: As part of our approach in enhancing disclosure practices and transparency within our
supply chain,  the adidas Group has actively promoted reputable platforms such as the Institute of
Public and Environmental Affairs (IPE) China Water Pollution Map and China Air Pollution Map. 
The adidas Group had disclosed 99% of the China-based 'wet processes' on the IPE platform by
the end of 2014.  Subsequently,  the company has committed to achieve the disclosure of 50% of
all 'wet processes' across its global supply chain by no later than December 31,  2015,  and at least
80% by no later than July 1,  2016,  via the IPE Detox platform. 

Engaging with a variety of stakeholders globally
At the adidas Group,  we openly engage with numerous stakeholders,  involving them in key social
and environmental decisions that shape day-to-day operations.  Through active participation in,  for
example,  the Better Cotton Initiative,  the Sustainable Apparel Coalition,  the Leather Working Group
and the AFIRM Working Group,  we work closely with leading companies from a variety of sectors to
develop sustainable business approaches and to debate social and environmental topics on a global
level.  This is also supported by our membership in organisations such as the World Federation of
the Sporting Goods Industry (WFSGI),  the Fair Factories Clearinghouse (FFC) and the Fair Labor
Association (FLA).  In addition,  we build awareness,  capacity and knowledge of laws and rights
among factory management and workers by partnering with leading providers such as the EHS
Academy in China and the IAO's Better Work programme. 

Strategic pillar  /  Partnership
Engaging with stakeholders 
 key element of our transparent communication is the disclosure of our global supplier factory list
on our corporate website.  The list,  which we have published since 2007,  includes the factories that
manufactured products for specific events such as the 2014 and 2010 FIFA World Cup as well as the
London 2012 Olympic Games. 

20

14

95

Ongoing external recognition for our sustainability efforts
We have continuously received positive recognition from international institutions,  rating agenciesNGOs and socially responsible investment analysts for our sustainability programme.  In 2014adidas AG was again represented in a variety of high-profile sustainability indices.  For the 15th
consecutive time,  adidas AG was selected to join the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI),  the
world's first global sustainability index family tracking the performance of the leading sustainabilitydriven companies worldwide.  In the sector 'Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury Goods',  adidas AG scored
industry-best ratings in the categories Supply Chain Management,  Product Stewardship and
Stakeholder Engagement.  An overview of all sustainability indices in which adidas AG is included
can be found in the adjacent info box.  Furthermore,  in 2014,  the adidas Group was again included
in the list of The Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations in the World (Global 100 Index),  ranking
eighth.  Launched in 2005,  this list is unveiled each year at the World Economic Forum in DavosSwitzerland,  by Corporate Knights,  a Canadian media and investment advisory company.  The Global
100 Index is one of the most extensive data-driven corporate sustainability assessments in existence
and is based on quantitative sustainability indicators covering economic,  environmental as well as
social aspects. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
 
adidas AG in sustainability
indices
/  Jones Sustainability Indices
Dow
(World and Europe)
/ 
FTSE4Good Index Series
/ 
Euronext Vigeo Indices
(World 120,  Europe 120 and Eurozone 120)
/ 
Ethibel Sustainability Index
(Pioneer and Excellence)
/  Euro Ethical Index (Euro and EMU)
ECPI
/ 
STOXX Global ESG Leaders 
FINANCIAL

RE VIE W
031
032

033

034

035

036

Inter nal Group Management System	
98
Group Business Per for mance	
10 3
  Economic and Sector Development	 1 0 3
  Income Statement	 1 0 6
 Statement of Financial Position and
Statement of Cash Flows	 1 1 5
 Treasury	 1 2 1
  Financial Statements and Management Report of adidas AG	 1 2 7
 Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 and § 289 Section 4
of the German Commercial Code	1 3 1
Business Per for mance by Segment	
13 6
  Wholesale Business Performance	 1 3 6
  Retail Business Performance 	1 3 9
  Other Businesses Performance	 1 4 3
Subsequent Event s and Outlook	
14 6
  Subsequent Events	1 4 6
 Outlook	 1 4 6
 i s k a n d O p p o r t u n i t y R e p o r t	
15 4
  Strategic Risks	 1 6 3
  Operational Risks	1 6 5
  Legal & Compliance Risks	 1 7 0
  Financial Risks	1 7 1
  Strategic and Operational Opportunities	 1 7 8
  Financial Opportunities	 1 8 0
Management A ssessment of Per formance­
Risks and Oppor tunities,  and Outlook	
18 1

 R O U P M A N A G E M E N T R E P O R T:
This report contains the Group Management Report of the adidas Groupcomprising adidas AG and its consolidated subsidiaries,  and the
Management Report of adidas AG. 

  FIN A NCI A L RE V IE W 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

03





Group Management Report Financial Review
Internal Group Management System 
/ 031 
/

Internal Group Management System
The adidas Group's principal financial goal for increasing shareholder value is maximising
operating cash flow.  We strive to achieve this goal by continually improving our top- and
bottom-line performance while at the same time optimising the use of invested capital. 
Our Group's planning and controlling system is therefore designed to provide a variety
of tools to assess our current performance and to align future strategic and investment
decisions to best utilise commercial and organisational opportunities. 

Operating cash flow as Internal Group Management focus
We believe operating cash flow is the most important driver to increase shareholder value.  To
support this,  Group Management focuses on four major financial key performance indicators
(KPIs).  Increasing net sales and operating profit are the main contributors to improve operating
cash flow.  In addition,  strict management of operating working capital and value-enhancing capital
expenditure are beneficial for operating cash flow development.  As a result,  in order to maximise
operating cash flow generation across our organisation,  management of our operating segments
have responsibility for improving net sales and operating profit as well as optimising operating
working capital and capital expenditure.  In addition,  in order to keep senior management focused
on long-term performance improvements,  we have KPIs in place,  which measure the development
of the business units over a multi-year period. 

see Glossary,  p.  258
see Diagram 01

20

14

98
01   /   Financial key performance indicators (KPIs) of the adidas Group 
Net sales
Operating profit 
Operating cash flow
Change in operating working capital
Capital expenditure 1)

1) Less depreciation and amortisation. 

Operating margin as important measure of operational progress 
adidas Group financial KPIs  / 

Operating margin (defined as operating profit as a percentage of net sales) is our Group's key focus
measure to drive and improve our operational performance.  It highlights the quality of our top line
and operational efficiency.  The primary drivers central to enhancing operating margin are as follows:

Net sales and operating profit 
/  Sales and gross margin development: Management focuses on identifying and exploiting growth
opportunities that not only provide for future top-line improvements,  but also have potential to
increase gross margin.  Major levers for enhancing our Group's sales and gross margin include:
/ 
Optimising our product mix. 
/ 
Minimising clearance activities. 
/ 
Improving the quality of distribution,  with a particular focus on controlled space. 
/ 
Realising supply chain efficiency initiatives. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Glossary,  p.  258

Group Management Report Financial Review
Internal Group Management System 
/ 031 
/

/  Operating expense control: Management puts high emphasis on tightly controlling operating
expenses to leverage the Group's sales growth through to the bottom line.  This requires a particular
focus on ensuring flexibility in the Group's cost base.  Marketing working budget is one of our largest
operating expenses and at the same time one of the most important mechanisms for driving top-line
growth sustainably.  Therefore,  we are committed to improving the utilisation of our marketing
expenditure.  This includes concentrating our communication efforts on key global brand initiatives
and focusing our promotion spend on well-selected partnerships with top events,  leagues,  clubs
athletes and artists. 
We also aim to increase operational efficiency and tightly manage operating overhead expenses. 
In this respect,  we regularly review our operational structure streamlining business processeseliminating redundancies and leveraging the scale of our organisation.  These measures may also
be supplemented by short-term initiatives such as temporarily curtailing operational investmentsfor example staff hiring. 

see Glossary,  p.  258

see Glossary,  p.  258

Furthermore,  we carefully analyse the different mix effects which impact the Group's profit ratios,  as
our business performance differs significantly across geographical markets,  business models and
sales channels.  The strategic implications and decisions taken in this respect are a key element of
our strategic planning efforts,  ensuring clarity and focus of the organisation to balance and broaden
the Group's future earnings stream and sustainably increase the Group's operating margin. 

Change in operating working capital 
We strive to proactively manage our inventory levels to meet market demand and ensure fast
replenishment.  Inventory ageing is controlled tightly to reduce inventory obsolescence and
to minimise clearance activities.  As a result,  inventory days lasting is an important metric as it
measures the average number of days goods remain in inventory before being sold,  highlighting
the efficiency of capital locked up in products.  To optimise capital tied up in accounts receivablewe strive to improve collection efforts in order to reduce the Days of Sales Outstanding (DSO) and
improve the ageing of accounts receivable.  Likewise,  we strive to optimise payment terms with our
suppliers to best manage our accounts payable. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
99
14

adidas Group financial KPIs  / 

Due to a comparatively low level of fixed assets required in our business,  the efficiency of the Group's
balance sheet depends to a large degree on our operating working capital management.  In this
context,  our key metric is operating working capital as a percentage of net sales.  Monitoring the
development of this metric facilitates the measurement of our progress in improving the efficiency
of our business cycle. 

20

Tight operating working capital management 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Internal Group Management System 
/ 031 
/

Capital expenditure targeted to maximise future returns 
adidas Group financial KPIs  / 

Improving the effectiveness of the Group's capital expenditure is another lever to maximise our
operating cash flow.  We control capital expenditure with a top-down,  bottom-up approach.  In a first
step,  Group management defines focus areas and an overall investment budget based on investment
requests from various functions within the organisation.  Our operating segments then align their
initiatives within the scope of assigned priorities and available budget.  We evaluate potential return
on planned investments utilising the net present value method.  Risk is accounted for,  adding a risk
premium to the cost of capital and thus reducing our estimated future earnings streams where
appropriate.  By means of scenario planning,  the sensitivity of investment returns is tested against
changes in initial assumptions.  For large investment projects,  timelines and deviations versus
budget are monitored on a monthly basis throughout the course of the project. 

Capital expenditure 
The final step of optimising return on investments is our selective post-mortem reviews,  where
larger projects in particular are evaluated and learnings are documented to be available for future
capital expenditure decisions. 

Non-financial key performance indicators 
20

14

100

In addition to the Group's major financial KPIs to assess the current performance and operational
success of the adidas Group,  as outlined above,  we have identified a set of non-financial KPIs that
help us track our progress in areas that are critical for our long-term success but are,  however,  not
directly reflected in the Group's financial statements.  These non-financial KPIs are assessed on a
regular basis and managed by the respective Group functions.  Non-financial KPIs include market
share and consumer insight tracking,  our customer delivery performance (On-Time In-Full),  our
employee engagement and a set of KPIs in the area of our sustainability performance. 
Market share: Maintaining and enhancing brand image and reputation through the creation of strong
brand identities is crucial for sustaining and driving revenue and profit growth.  It is also an important
credential as we extend our brands into new categories and regions.  Therefore,  mainly on a market
and category level,  we invest in primary qualitative and quantitative research such as trend scoutingconsumer surveys and market share data to determine brand and category strength.  Measures
that are regularly tracked include market shares,  brand awareness,  likeability and purchase intent. 
These efforts are supported by global market research and consumer insight teams. 

see Management Assessment of PerformanceRisks and Opportunities,  and Outlook,  p.  181

02   /   Key financial metrics 
Gross margin 
Operating margin 
Average operating
working capital 






Gross profit 
× 100

Net sales 
Operating profit 
× 100

Net sales 
Sum of operating working
capital at quarter-end 
Average operating
working capital 
Operating working capital
in % of net sales 


Capital expenditure 1)



Net cash/Net borrowings 
	 Cash and cash equivalents
+	 short-term financial assets 
–	 short-term borrowings
–	 long-term borrowings 


1) Excluding acquisitions and finance leases. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Net sales 
× 100

	
Additions of property,  plant and
equipment plus intangible assets 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Internal Group Management System 
/ 031 
/

Backlogs and sell-through data: To manage demand planning and anticipate our future
performance,  backlogs comprising orders received up to nine months in advance of the actual sale
are monitored closely.  However,  due to the growing share of own retail in our business mix as well
as fluctuating order patterns among our customers,  order books are less indicative of anticipated
revenues for the adidas Group compared to the past.  Therefore,  qualitative feedback from our retail
partners on the sell-through success of our collections at the point of sale as well as data received
from our own-retail activities is becoming even more important. 
On-Time In-Full (OTIF): OTIF measures the adidas Group's delivery performance towards customers
and our own-retail stores.  Managed by our Global Operations function,  OTIF assesses to what
degree customers received what they ordered and if they received it on time.  It helps our Group to
investigate improvement potential in the area of order book management and logistics processes.  It
therefore also helps us to improve our delivery performance,  which is a major aspect when it comes
to customer satisfaction.  The OTIF assessment covers both the adidas and Reebok brands for our
two biggest channels,  Wholesale and Retail,  in most of our key markets. 
Employee engagement: To measure the level of engagement and motivation of all our employeesthe adidas Group carries out employee engagement surveys.  The surveys aim to provide key insight
into how well as an employer we are doing in engaging our employees.  It thus enables us to develop
the right focus and future people strategies across our organisation.  We aim to improve the overall
engagement score in our next employee engagement survey,  which will be conducted in 2016. 

see Glossary,  p.  258

see Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  146

see Global Operations,  p.  66

see Employees,  p.  82

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
20

14

101
Sustainability performance: We have a strong commitment to enhance the social and environmental
performance of our Group.  By doing so,  we firmly believe we will not only improve the Group's overall
reputation,  but also increase our economic value.  We have therefore implemented a comprehensive
sustainability programme under which we regularly review our performance.  We closely monitor
our sustainability targets and have set ourselves clear milestones.  A major focus lies on monitoring
and rating our factories with regard to compliance with our Workplace Standards and rating the
effectiveness of compliance systems.  A rating tool helps us evaluate six fundamental elements of
social compliance.  We have a strong track record in sustainability reporting,  with our Sustainability
Progress Report being an integral part of this.  All our social and environmental publications,  which
include more details and additional data,  are provided on our corporate website. 

see Sustainability,  p.  89

 
see Sustainability,  p.  89
www, adidas-group, com/en/sustainability/
reporting-policies-and-data/sustainability-reports 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Internal Group Management System 
/ 031 
/

Structured performance measurement system
We have developed an extensive performance measurement system,  which utilises a variety of tools
to measure the performance of the adidas Group.  The Group's key performance indicators as well
as other important financial metrics are monitored and compared against initial targets as well
as rolling forecasts on a monthly basis.  When negative deviations exist between actual and target
numbers,  we perform a detailed analysis to identify and address the cause.  If necessary,  action
plans are implemented to optimise the development of the Group's operating performance.  We also
benchmark the Group's financial results with those of our major competitors on a regular basis.  To
assess current sales and profitability development,  management analyses sell-through information
from our own-retail activities as well as short-term replenishment orders from retailers. 
Taking into account year-to-date performance as well as opportunities and risks,  the Group's
full year financial performance is forecasted four times a year.  In this respect,  also backlogssell-through data,  feedback from customers and own-retail stores are assessed as available. 
Finally,  as a further early indicator for future performance,  the results of any relevant recent
market and consumer research are assessed as available. 

Enhanced integrated business planning and management approach 
20

14

102

In order to further optimise profitability and working capital efficiency as well as operating cash
flow development,  2014 saw the continuation of the Group-wide Integrated Business Planning
initiative (IBP).  This initiative focuses on developing and forming an enhanced forecasting approach
by aligning processes and timelines of major business functions such as marketing,  sales and
operations at a market and global level.  The centre-point of this approach is to improve the reliability
of future business planning,  leading to a new efficiency level of order book building and conversion. 
This,  in turn,  is expected to lead to improving full-margin business. 
The whole process is set up in a rhythm and timeframe to facilitate full cross-functional alignment
and forecasting clarity in advance of important business decision processes in particular those
related to product pricing,  range building,  material purchasing or production capacity fixing.  To
create a seamless flow between achieving our strategic objectives and implementing operational
plans,  we follow a rolling two-year time horizon.  This ensures more focus on the mid-term
perspective,  while at the same time highlighting relevant information around short-term business
events and volatilities.  All target-setting is fully embedded into the integrated planning process and
communicated in advance of all relevant business milestones. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Glossary,  p.  258

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Economic and Sector Development 
/ 032 
/

Group Business Performance 
103
14

In 2014,  adidas Group results were significantly impacted by a challenging golf marketnegative currency effects and a weakening of consumer sentiment in Russia/CIS. 
Currency-neutral sales for the Group's continuing operations increased 6% as a result
of strong growth in Wholesale and Retail.  In euro terms,  adidas Group revenues grew
2% to € 14534 billion from € 14203 billion in 2013.  The Group's gross margin decreased
17 percentage points to 476% (2013: 493%),  mainly due to negative currency effects,  higher
input costs,  increased clearance activities in Russia/CIS as well as lower product margins
at TaylorMade-adidas Golf.  In 2014,  the adidas Group incurred goodwill impairment losses
of € 78 million (2013: € 52 million).  These one-off expenses were non-cash in nature
and did not affect the adidas Group's liquidity.  Excluding goodwill impairment lossesthe Group's operating profit from continuing operations declined 22% to € 961 million
compared to € 1233 billion in 2013,  representing an operating margin of 66%,  down
21 percentage points compared to the prior year (2013: 87%).  This development was
primarily due to the negative effects from the lower gross margin as well as higher other
operating expenses as a percentage of sales.  The Group's net income from continuing
operations,  excluding goodwill impairment losses,  decreased 22% to € 642 million.  In
2014,  the adidas Group incurred losses from discontinued operations of € 68 million (2013:
gains from discontinued operations of € 17 million).  As a result,  net income attributable to
shareholders from continuing and discontinued operations excluding goodwill impairment
losses was down 32% to € 568 million (2013: € 839 million).  Basic and diluted earnings per
share from continuing and discontinued operations excluding goodwill impairment losses
decreased 32% to € 272 from € 401 in 2013. 

20



Economic and Sector Development
Global economy expands 26% in 2014
In 2014,  the global economy grew at a lower rate than initially projected,  with global gross domestic
product (GDP) modestly strengthening 26%.  This weaker than expected global recovery mainly
reflects accommodative monetary policies,  declining commodity prices and weak international
trade.  Growth in major economies was disparate and developing countries recorded disappointing
results,  driven by lower external demand,  political uncertainties and domestic policy tightening. 
GDP in Western Europe grew 13% in 2014.  While the UK gathered momentum and recorded robust
expansion,  the economies in the euro area grew only slightly after two years of recession.  Most of
the region's economies were characterised by low inflationary pressures,  relatively robust export
activity and stable consumer spending.  At the same time,  high unemployment levels and lacklustre
investment spending played a major role in the stuttering recovery. 
European emerging markets recorded GDP growth of 23%.  The deceleration from previous years
was mainly the result of political unrest in Russia/Ukraine,  sanctions and high inflationary pressures
which resulted in lower consumer and investment spending.  The further weakening of the rouble
together with the continuous decline in oil prices put additional constraints on Russia's growth. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Economic and Sector Development 
/ 032 
/

The US economy grew modestly in 2014,  expanding 24%,  despite a contraction in the first quarter. 
The recovery was supported by the Fed's very accommodative monetary policy.  In addition,  an
improving labour market and the decline in oil prices stimulated higher real household income,  but
 further appreciation of the US dollar may put the currently robust exports at risk. 
Asia remained the fastest-growing region with 39% GDP growth,  although this reflects a slowdown
compared to previous years.  In China,  growth slowed marginally to 75% as policy measures
introduced in an effort to control financial vulnerabilities were largely offset by growth-stimulating
provisions to cushion the slowdown.  Japan fell short of expectations with only 02% growth as the
economy was unable to recover from the government's sales tax increase in April,  and exports
remained sluggish despite the weakness of the yen.  India emerged from two years of more modest
growth,  expanding 55% in 2014.  This mainly reflects increasing export momentum and a sharp
decline in inflation. 
In Latin America,  GDP development dropped to 10% with divergences across the region.  While
Central America remained strong,  influenced by the strengthening activity in the USA,  South
America recorded a sharp slowdown in economic activity.  In Brazil,  declining commodity pricescontracting investments and election uncertainty drove a steep decline in growth.  In Argentina,  hard
currency scarcity drove a contraction in economic activity. 

Global sporting goods sector continues to grow
20

14

104

In 2014,  the global sporting goods industry grew at robust rates,  supported by rising consumer
spending in the emerging markets.  The industry benefited particularly from the world's largest
sporting event,  the FIFA World Cup in Brazil.  The e-commerce channel continued to see rapid
expansion,  as retailers leveraged a wide variety of commercial opportunities across mobile
technologies and social media.  From a category perspective,  basketball continued to enjoy strong
momentum,  while running grew at a slower pace but with modest improvements at year-end. 
Activities relating to the 2014 FIFA World Cup supported sales momentum in the football category
throughout the year.  In the outdoor category,  the overall weakness in 2014 was reversed during the
fall/winter season. 

01   /   Regional GDP development 1)  (in %)
Global 2)

Western Europe 3)

European emerging
markets 3)

USA 2)

Asia 3) 4)


4

2

0
–1
 2012   2013   2014
1) Real,  percentage change versus prior year; 2012 and 2013 figures restated compared to prior year. 
2) Source: World Bank. 
3) Source: HSBC. 
4) Includes Japan and Area Pacific. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Latin America 3)

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Economic and Sector Development 
/ 032 
/

Western Europe saw a solid increase in the industry's size,  partly owing to the importance of
football and the large number of teams from this region that qualified for the 2014 FIFA World Cup. 
Similarly,  in many European emerging markets the significance of football and particularly Russia's
participation in Brazil supported the sector's expansion. 
In North America,  the sporting goods industry grew modestly.  The strong performance of the US
team during the FIFA World Cup helped fuel strong football sales.  Basketball footwear as well as
apparel continued to be in strong demand,  outperforming casual footwear and outdoor products. 
While the golf market was challenging through major parts of the year,  as excess supply in retail
channels led to the continuation of a highly promotional environment,  fewer overall product
launches led to a more healthy retail landscape and cleaner inventory levels at the end of the year. 

02   /  
Quarterly unemployment rate by region 1) 

03   /  
Quarterly development of Consumer Price Index 1) 

(in % of total active population)
Q4 2013

USA 2)

(by region)
Q1 2014

Q2 2014

Q3 2014

Q4 2014

Q4 2013

Q1 2014

Q2 2014

Q3 2014

Q4 2014

USA 2)

15

15

21

17

08

Euro area 3)

08

05

05

03

(02)

62

61

57

115

115

114

Japan 4)

37

36

37

36

34

Japan 4)

16

16

36

32

24

China 5)

41

41

41

41

41

China 5)

25

24

23

16

15

Russia 6)

56

54

49

49

53

Russia 6)

65

69

78

80

114

Brazil 7)

43

50

48

49

43

Brazil 7)

59

62

65

68

64

1) Quarter-end figures. 
2) Source: US Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
3) Source: Eurostat. 
4) Source: Japan Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications. 
5) Source: China National Bureau of Statistics. 
6) Source: Russia Federal Service of State Statistics. 
7) Source: Brazil Institute of Geography and Statistics. 

1) Quarter-end figures. 
2) Source: US Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
3) Source: Eurostat. 
4) Source: Japan Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications. 
5) Source: China National Bureau of Statistics. 
6) Source: Russia Federal Service of State Statistics. 
7) Source: Brazil Institute of Geography and Statistics. 

04   /  
Quarterly consumer confidence development 1) 
(by region)
Q4 2013

USA 2)
Euro area 3)

Q1 2014

Q2 2014

Q3 2014

Q4 2014

775

839

864

890

931

(135)

(93)

(75)

(114)

(109)

Japan 4)

400

369

405

396

375

China 5)

1023

1079

1047

1054

1058

Russia 6)

(110)

(110)

(60)

(70)

(180)

Brazil 7)

1112

1088

1063

1097

1092

1) Quarter-end figures. 
2) Source: Conference Board. 
3) Source: European Commission. 
4) Source: Economic and Social Research Institute,  Government of Japan. 
5) Source: China National Bureau of Statistics. 
6) Source: Russia Federal Service of State Statistics. 
7) Source: Brazil National Confederation of Industry. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
105
14

66
117

20

70
118

Euro area 3)

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Income Statement 
/ 032 
/

05   /   Exchange rate development 1)  (€ 1 equals)

06   /   2014 oil price development 1)  (in US $ per barrel)

Average
rate
2013

Q1 2014

Q2 2014

Q3 2014

Q4 2014

Average
rate
2014

13283

13788

13658

12583

12141

  Jan.  1,  2014

Dec.  31,  2014  

13296

100

USD
GBP

08492

08282

08015

07773

07789

08066

JPY

12958

14242

13844

13811

14523

14044

RUB

42298

49205

45933

49560

68303

50737

CNY

81674

84825

84035

77417

74291

70

81919

40

1) West Texas Intermediate Cushing crude oil. 

1) Spot rates at quarter-end. 

In Asia,  rising disposable incomes and consumer spending promoted expansion of the sporting
goods industry.  This trend was particularly evident in China,  supporting healthy industry sales
growth,  especially in the lower-tier cities.  In India,  the size of the sector continued to expand at
double-digit rates. 
The sporting goods industry in Latin America benefited from low unemployment levels and higher
wages.  Furthermore,  given the significance of football in this region,  the industry's momentum was
accelerated by sales relating to the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil. 

20

14

106

Income Statement
Focus on continuing operations
Due to the existence of a concrete plan to sell the Rockport operating segment,  all income and
expenses of the Rockport operating segment are reported as discontinued operations at year-end
2014.  For the sake of clarity,  all figures related to the 2013 and 2014 financial years in this report
refer to the Group's continuing operations unless otherwise stated. 
On January 23,  2015,  the adidas Group entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Rockport
operating segment to a new entity formed by Berkshire Partners and New Balance as part of
ongoing efforts to better focus on our core activities.  The transaction,  which is subject to customary
closing conditions,  is expected to be completed later in 2015. 

adidas Group currency-neutral sales increase 6% in 2014
In 2014,  Group revenues increased 6% on a currency-neutral basis,  driven by a double-digit sales
increase in Retail and mid-single-digit growth in Wholesale.  Currency translation effects had a
negative impact on sales in euro terms.  Group revenues grew 2% to € 14534 billion in 2014 from
€ 14203 billion in 2013. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Diagram 07

Source: Bloomberg. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Income Statement 
/ 032 
/

Group sales increase driven by strong growth in Wholesale and Retail
In 2014,  currency-neutral Wholesale revenues increased 6%.  While sales at adidas grew at a
mid-single-digit rate,  revenues at Reebok remained stable compared to the prior year.  Currencyneutral Retail sales were up 21% versus the prior year as a result of double-digit sales increases at
adidas and Reebok.  Revenues in Other Businesses were down 19% on a currency-neutral basis,  due
to double-digit sales declines at TaylorMade-adidas Golf.  Currency translation effects had a negative
impact on segmental sales in euro terms.  Wholesale revenues increased 3% to € 9376 billion in
2014 from € 9100 billion in 2013.  Retail sales rose 11% to € 3842 billion versus € 3446 billion
in the prior year.  Sales in Other Businesses declined 21% to € 1316 billion (2013: € 1657 billion). 

Currency-neutral sales grow in nearly all regions
In 2014,  currency-neutral adidas Group sales grew in all regions except North America.  Revenues
in Western Europe increased 8% on a currency-neutral basis,  driven by strong sales growth in
Germany,  the UK,  France and Spain.  In European Emerging Markets,  Group sales were up 19% on
 currency-neutral basis,  with double-digit sales increases in all of the region's major markets. 
Currency-neutral sales for the adidas Group in North America decreased 6%,  mainly due to sales
declines in the USA.  Sales in Greater China increased 10% on a currency-neutral basis.  Currencyneutral revenues in Other Asian Markets grew 2%,  driven by sales increases in South Korea and
India.  In Latin America,  sales grew 19% on a currency-neutral basis with double-digit increases in
most markets,  in particular Argentina,  Mexico and Brazil.  Currency translation effects had a mixed
impact on regional sales in euro terms. 

see Table 11

20

14

107
07   /   Net sales 1) 2)  (€ in millions)

08   /   Net sales by quarter 1)  (€ in millions)

2014

14534

Q4 2014
Q4 2013

3610
3391

2013

14203

2012

14883

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

4044
3807

2011

13322

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

3400
3314

2010

11990

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

3480
3690

1)  014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 
2) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

1)  igures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 

09   /   Net sales by region 1)

10   /   Net sales by segment 


5




2014




 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	

28%	
20%	
14%	
13%	
12%	
11%	

Western Europe
North America
Other Asian Markets
European Emerging Markets
Greater China
Latin America 
1)  igures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 


2

 /	
 /	
 /	

2014

65%	Wholesale
26%	Retail
9%	 Other Businesses 1)



1)  igures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Income Statement 
/ 032 
/

Currency-neutral Group sales up in footwear and apparel
In 2014,  currency-neutral footwear sales increased 5%,  mainly due to double-digit sales growth in
the running category and at adidas NEO.  Sales at adidas Originals were up at a high-single-digit
rate.  Apparel revenues grew 12% on a currency-neutral basis.  This development reflects doubledigit growth in the football and running categories as well as at adidas Originals and at adidas NEO. 
Currency-neutral hardware sales were down 9% compared to the prior year.  This was primarily
due to significant declines at TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  which more than offset double-digit sales
increases in the football and training categories.  Currency translation effects had a negative impact
on sales in euro terms. 

see Table 12

Cost of sales increases
Cost of sales is defined as the amount we pay to third parties for expenses associated with producing
and delivering our products.  In addition,  own-production expenses are also included in the Group's
cost of sales.  However,  these expenses represent only a very small portion of total cost of sales. 

11   /   Net sales by region 1)  (€ in millions)
2014

2013

Change 
Change
(currency-neutral)

Western Europe 
108

4112

3777

9%

8%

European Emerging Markets 
1932

1867

4%

19%

20

14

North America 
2972

3203

(7%)

(6%)

Greater China 
1811

1655

9%

10%

Other Asian Markets 
2085

2135

(2%)

2%

Latin America 
1622

1568

3%

19%

14534

14203

2%

6%

2014

2013

Change 
Change
(currency-neutral)

Total 2)
1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the Rockport business. 
2) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

12   /   Net sales by product category 1)  (€ in millions)

Footwear 
6658

6587

1%

5%

Apparel 
6279

5811

8%

12%

1597

1806

(12%)

(9%)

14534

14203

2%

6%

Hardware
Total 2)
1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the Rockport business. 
2) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

13   /   Net sales by product category 1)

14   /   Gross profit 1) 2)  (€ in millions)
2014

2014

 /	
 /	
 /	

2012

1)  igures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 

7103

2011

46%	Footwear
43%	Apparel
11%	Hardware 
7001

6329

2010





6924

2013



5730

1)  014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 
2) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Income Statement 
/ 032 
/

In 2014,  cost of sales was € 7610 billion,  representing an increase of 6% compared to € 7202 billion
in 2013.  This development was due to the growth of our business as well as increases in input costs
as a result of higher labour costs. 

Group gross margin down 17 percentage points
In 2014,  gross profit for the adidas Group decreased 1% to € 6924 billion versus € 7001 billion in the
prior year.  The gross margin of the adidas Group decreased 17 percentage points to 476% in 2014
(2013: 493%).  This development was mainly due to negative currency effects as well as higher input
costs.  In addition,  increased clearance activities particularly in Russia/CIS as well as lower margins
at TaylorMade-adidas Golf contributed to the gross margin decline. 

see Diagram 14
see Diagram 15

Royalty and commission income declines
Royalty and commission income for the adidas Group decreased 1% to € 102 million in 2014
compared to € 103 million in the prior year.  On a currency-neutral basis,  royalty and commission
income was also down 1%,  mainly as a result of lower licensee sales at brand adidas. 

Other operating income decreases
Other operating income includes items such as gains from the disposal of fixed assets and releases
of accruals and provisions as well as insurance compensation.  In 2014,  other operating income
decreased 3% to € 138 million (2013: € 142 million),  mainly comprising the release of other
operational provisions. 

see Note 30,  p.  234

20

14

109
15   /   Gross margin 1) 2)  (in %)

16   /   Gross margin by quarter 1)  (in %)

2014

476

Q4 2014
Q4 2013

449
475

2013

493

2012

477

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

474
493

2011

475

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

492
501

2010

478

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

492
502

1)  014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 
2) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

1)  igures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 

17   /   Other operating expenses 1) 2)  (€ in millions)

18   /   Other operating expenses 1) 2)  (in % of net sales)

2014

6203

2014

427

2013

6013

2013

423

2012

6150

2012

413

2011

5567

2011

418

2010

5046

2010

421

1)  014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 
2) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

1)  014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 
2) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Income Statement 
/ 032 
/

Other operating expenses as a percentage of sales up 03 percentage points
Other operating expenses,  including depreciation and amortisation,  consist of items such as sales
working budget,  marketing working budget and operating overhead costs.  In 2014,  other operating
expenses increased 3% to € 6203 billion (2013: € 6013 billion),  as a result of higher expenditure
related to the expansion of the Group's own-retail activities as well as an increase in sales and
marketing working budget expenditure.  As a percentage of sales,  other operating expenses
increased 03 percentage points to 427% from 423% in 2013. 

 
see Glossary,  p.  258
see Diagram 17
see Note 31,  p.  234
see Diagram 18

Sales working budget as a percentage of sales increases 02 percentage points
Sales working budget consists of expenses to support the Group's sell-through development. 
Expenditures relate to advertising and promotion initiatives at the point of sale as well as store
furniture and fixtures.  As sales working budget expenses are channel specific,  they are allocated
to the Group's operating segments.  In absolute terms,  sales working budget expenditure increased
12% to € 375 million in 2014 from € 336 million in the prior year.  This development was mainly a
result of higher expenditure related to the expansion of the Group's own-retail activities.  By brandadidas sales working budget increased 13% to € 287 million compared to € 253 million in the prior
year.  Sales working budget for Reebok grew 12% to € 60 million at year-end (2013: € 53 million). 
The Group's sales working budget as a percentage of sales increased 02 percentage points to 26%
(2013: 24%). 

see Diagram 20

Marketing working budget as a percentage of sales grows 04 percentage points
20

14

110

Marketing working budget consists of items such as expenses for promotion partnershipsadvertising and public relations.  As marketing working budget expenses are not distribution channel
specific,  they are not allocated to the segments.  In absolute terms,  marketing working budget
increased 7% to € 1548 billion in 2014 (2013: € 1451 billion) due to higher expenditure at both
adidas and Reebok.  By brand,  the adidas marketing working budget grew 9% to € 1245 billion from
€ 1147 billion in 2013.  Marketing working budget of the Reebok brand was up 6% to € 160 million
(2013: € 150 million).  The Group's marketing working budget as a percentage of sales increased
04 percentage points to 106% (2013: 102%). 

19   /   Other operating expenses by area 1)  (€ in millions)
2014

375

Marketing working budget 
336

1548

Sales working budget 
2013

1451

427

420

1915

1815

Logistics 
763

753

Research & development 
126

124

Central administration 
1050

1114

Total 
6203

6013

Marketing overhead
Sales force 
 2014   2013
1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the Rockport business. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Diagram 21

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Income Statement 
/ 032 
/

Operating overhead expenses as a percentage of sales decrease
03 percentage points
Group operating overheads include overhead costs related to marketing,  logistics,  sales and R&D
as well as central administration.  Almost half of the operating overhead expenses are related to
personnel costs.  In absolute terms,  operating overhead expenses grew 1% to € 4280 billion in 2014
versus € 4226 billion in 2013.  This was primarily a result of the expansion of the Group's own-retail
activities,  more than offsetting a decrease in central administration costs.  As a percentage of salesoperating overhead expenses declined 03 percentage points to 294% (2013: 298%). 

Number of Group employees up 8%
At the end of December 2014,  the Group employed 53731 people.  This represents an increase of 8%
versus the prior year level of 49808.  New hirings related to the expansion of the Group's own-retail
store base were the main driver of this development.  On a full-time equivalent basis,  the number of
employees increased 7% to 45917 at the end of 2014 (2013: 42758). 

see Employees,  p.  82

EBITDA decreases 14%

20   /   Sales working budget 1) 2)  (in % of net sales)

see Diagram 22

14

111
20

The Group's earnings before interest,  taxes,  depreciation and amortisation as well as impairment
losses/reversal of impairment losses on property,  plant and equipment and intangible assets
(EBITDA) decreased 14% to € 1283 billion in 2014 (2013: € 1496 billion).  Depreciation and
amortisation expense for tangible and intangible assets (excluding impairment losses/reversal of
impairment losses) increased 10% to € 309 million in 2014 (2013: € 281 million).  This development
is mainly due to an increase in property,  plant and equipment.  In accordance with IFRS,  intangible
assets with indefinite useful lives (goodwill and trademarks) are tested annually and additionally
when there are indications of potential impairment.  In this connection,  impairment of intangible
assets with unlimited useful lives was incurred in 2014. 

21   /   Marketing working budget 1) 2)  (in % of net sales)

2014

26

2014

106

2013

24

2013

102

2012

20

2012

101

2011

25

2011

102

1)  014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 
2) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

1)  014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 
2) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

22   /  EBITDA 1) 2)  (€ in millions)
2014

1283

2013

1496

2012

1445

2011

1199

2010

1159

1)  014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 
2) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Income Statement 
/ 032 
/

Goodwill impairment in an amount of € 78 million
As a result of the annual impairment test,  the adidas Group has impaired goodwill and recorded a
€ 78 million pre-tax charge as at December 31,  2014 (2013: € 52 million).  This charge was related to
the Retail cash-generating unit Russia/CIS.  As a result,  the goodwill of this cash-generating unit is
completely impaired.  The impairment losses were mainly caused by adjusted growth assumptions
due to the significant deterioration of the Russian rouble.  In 2013,  goodwill impairment losses of
€ 23 million were recognised within the Wholesale cash-generating unit Iberia.  Within the Retail
cash-generating unit North America,  goodwill impairment losses of € 29 million were recognised in
2013.  Both impairment losses were mainly caused by adjusted growth assumptions and an increase
in the country-specific discount rates.  The impairment losses in both years were non-cash in nature
and do not affect the adidas Group's liquidity. 

see Note 02,  p.  197

Operating margin excluding goodwill impairment declines to 66%
Group operating profit declined 25% to € 883 million in 2014 versus € 1181 billion in 2013.  The
operating margin of the adidas Group decreased 22 percentage points to 61% (2013: 83%). 
Excluding the goodwill impairment losses,  operating profit was down 22% to € 961 million from
€ 1233 billion last year,  representing an operating margin of 66%,  down 21 percentage points
(2013: 87%).  This development was primarily due to the negative effects from the lower gross
margin as well as higher other operating expenses as a percentage of sales. 

see Diagram 23
see Diagram 25

Financial income down 27%
20

14

112

Financial income declined 27% to € 19 million in 2014 from € 26 million in the prior year,  due to a
decrease in interest income. 

Financial expenses down 28%
Financial expenses decreased 28% to € 67 million in 2014 (2013: € 94 million).  This development
was the result of a decrease in both negative exchange rate effects as well as interest expenses. 

23   /   Operating profit 1) 2) 3) 4) 5)  (€ in millions)

see Note 33,  p.  235

 
see Diagram 26
see Note 33,  p.  235

24   /   Operating profit by quarter 1)  (€ in millions)

2014

961

2013

1233

2012

1185

2011
2010

Q4 2014 2)
Q4 2013 3)

38
85
399
457

953

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

218
247

894

1)  014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 
2) 2014 exluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million. 
3) 2013 excluding goodwill impairment of € 52 million. 
4) 2012 excluding goodwill impairment of € 265 million. 
5) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

306
445

1)  igures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 
2) Excluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million. 
3) Excluding goodwill impairment of € 52 million. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Income Statement 
/ 032 
/

Income before taxes excluding goodwill impairment down 22%
Income before taxes (IBT) for the adidas Group decreased 25% to € 835 million from € 1113 billion
in 2013.  IBT as a percentage of sales declined 21 percentage points to 57% in 2014 (2013: 78%). 
Excluding the goodwill impairment losses,  IBT was down 22% to € 913 million from € 1165 billion
in 2013 and,  as a percentage of sales,  decreased 19 percentage points to 63 % from 82% in the
prior year. 

see Diagram 27

Net income from continuing operations excluding goodwill impairment
declines 22%
The Group's net income from continuing operations decreased 27% to € 564 million in 2014 from
€ 773 million in 2013.  Excluding the goodwill impairment losses,  net income from continuing
operations was down 22% to € 642 million (2013: € 825 million).  The Group's tax rate increased
19 percentage points to 325% in 2014 (2013: 305%),  mainly due to a less favourable earnings mix. 
Excluding the goodwill impairment losses,  the effective tax rate grew 05 percentage points to 297%
from 292% in 2013. 

see Note 34,  p.  236

Losses from discontinued operations total € 68 million 
25   /   Operating margin 1) 2) 3) 4) 5)  (in %)

113
14

see Note 03,  p.  206

20

In 2014,  the Group incurred losses from discontinued operations of € 68 million,  net of tax,  related
to the Rockport operating segment,  which is planned to be divested during the course of 2015 (2013:
gains from discontinued operations of € 17 million).  Losses from discontinued operations in 2014
were mainly due to the loss recognised on the measurement to fair value less cost to sell,  net of taxin the amount of negative € 82 million,  partly offset by income from Rockport's operating activities
of € 14 million. 

26   /   Financial expenses 1)  (€ in millions)

2014

66

2014

67

2013

87

2013

94

2012

80

2012

105

2011

72

2011

115

2010

75

2010

113

1)  014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 
2) 2014 exluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million. 
3) 2013 excluding goodwill impairment of € 52 million. 
4) 2012 excluding goodwill impairment of € 265 million. 
5) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

1) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

27   /   Income before taxes 1) 2) 3) 4) 5)  (€ in millions)

28   /   Income before taxes by quarter 1)  (€ in millions)

2014

913

2013

1165

2012

1116

2011
2010

Q4 2014 2)
Q4 2013 3)

25
68
392
436

869

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

203
232

806

1)  014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 
2) 2014 exluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million. 
3) 2013 excluding goodwill impairment of € 52 million. 
4) 2012 excluding goodwill impairment of € 265 million. 
5) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

294
430

1)  igures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 
2) Excluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million. 
3) Excluding goodwill impairment of € 52 million. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Income Statement 
/ 032 
/

Net income attributable to shareholders excluding goodwill impairment
down 32%
The Group's net income attributable to shareholders,  which in addition to net income from continuing
operations includes net income from discontinued operations,  decreased to € 490 million in 2014
from € 787 million in 2013.  This represents a decline of 38% versus the prior year level.  Excluding
the goodwill impairment losses,  net income attributable to shareholders decreased 32% to
€ 568 million (2013: € 839 million). 

see Diagram 29

Earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations excluding
goodwill impairment reach € 272
Basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations declined 27% to € 267 in
2014 (2013: € 368).  Excluding the goodwill impairment losses,  basic and diluted EPS from continuing
operations decreased 22% to € 305 last year from € 393 in 2013.  The Group's basic and diluted EPS
from continuing and discontinued operations amounted to € 235 (2013: € 376),  representing a
decrease of 37%.  Excluding goodwill impairment losses,  basic and diluted EPS from continuing and
discontinued operations were down 32% to € 272 (2013: € 401).  The weighted average number of
shares used in the calculation was 208776457 (2013: 209216186). 

see Note 35,  p.  238
see Diagram 31

30   /  
Net income attributable to shareholders by quarter 1) 

29   /  
Net income attributable to shareholders 1) 2) 3) 4) 5) 

(€ in millions)

(€ in millions)

20

14

114
2014

568

Q4 2014 2)
Q4 2013 3)

(62)
42

2013

839

2012

791

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

282
316

2011

613

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

144
172

2010

567

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

204
308

1)  ncludes continuing and discontinued operations. 

2) 2014 exluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million. 
3) 2013 excluding goodwill impairment of € 52 million. 
4) 2012 excluding goodwill impairment of € 265 million. 
5) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

1)  ncludes continuing and discontinued operations. 

2) Excluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million. 
3) Excluding goodwill impairment of € 52 million. 

31   /   Diluted earnings per share 1) 2) 3) 4) 5)  (in €)

32   /   Diluted earnings per share by quarter 1)  (in €)

2014

272

Q4 2014 2)
Q4 2013 3)

2013

401

2012

378

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

135
151

2011

293

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

069
082

2010

271

Q1 2014 4)
Q1 2013

096
147

1)  ncludes continuing and discontinued operations. 

2) 2014 exluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million. 
3) 2013 excluding goodwill impairment of € 52 million. 
4) 2012 excluding goodwill impairment of € 265 million. 
5) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

1)  ncludes continuing and discontinued operations. 

2) Excluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million. 
3) Excluding goodwill impairment of € 52 million. 
4) Weighted average number of shares: 215233140. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
(030)
020

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Statement of Financial Position and Statement of Cash Flows 
/ 032 
/

Statement of Financial Position and
Statement of Cash Flows
Accounting policy
The Group's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with the International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS),  as adopted by the EU.  In 2014,  new standards and
interpretations and amendments to existing standards and interpretations were applicable.  The
changes mainly require additional disclosures in the Group's financial statements. 

see Note 01,  p.  196

Planned Rockport divestiture impacts balance sheet items
At December 31,  2014,  all assets and liabilities of the Rockport operating segment are presented
as assets and liabilities classified as held for sale due to the existence of a concrete plan to sell this
operating segment.  At the end of 2014,  assets of € 260 million and liabilities of € 46 million were
allocated to the Rockport operating segment.  However,  a restatement of the 2013 balance sheet
items is not allowed under IFRS. 

see Note 03,  p.  206

33   /   Structure of statement of financial position 1)  (in % of total assets)
2013

12417

11599

Cash and cash equivalents 
136%

137%

115
14

Assets (€ in millions)

20

2014

Accounts receivable 
157%

156%

Inventories 
203%

227%

Fixed assets 
350%

357%

Other assets 
154%

123%

2014

2013

12417

11599

23%

59%

 2014   2013
1) For absolute figures see adidas AG Consolidated Statement of Financial Position,  p.  190. 

34   /   Structure of statement of financial position 1)  (in % of total liabilities and equity)

Liabilities and equity (€ in millions)
Short-term borrowings
Accounts payable 
133%

157%

Long-term borrowings 
128%

56%

Other liabilities 
264%

255%

Total equity 
452%

473%

 2014   2013
1) For absolute figures see adidas AG Consolidated Statement of Financial Position,  p.  190. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Statement of Financial Position and Statement of Cash Flows 
/ 032 
/

Assets
At the end of December 2014,  total assets increased 7% to € 12417 billion versus € 11599 billion
in the prior year,  as a result of an increase in current as well as in non-current assets.  The share of
current assets and non-current assets within total assets remained unchanged at 59% and 41% at
the end of December 2014 (2013: 59% and 41%). 
Total current assets increased 7% to € 7347 billion at the end of December 2014 compared to
€ 6857 billion in 2013.  Cash and cash equivalents increased 6% to € 1683 billion at the end of
December 2014 from € 1587 billion in the prior year,  as net cash generated from operating activities
was only partly offset by net cash used in investing and financing activities.  Currency effects had
 positive impact on cash and cash equivalents in an amount of € 50 million.  Group inventories
decreased 4% to € 2526 billion at the end of December 2014 versus € 2634 billion in 2013.  On a
currency-neutral basis,  inventories decreased 1%,  mainly as a result of the transfer of Rockport
inventories to assets classified as held for sale.  Inventories from continuing operations decreased
1% (+2% currency-neutral),  reflecting the Group's focus on inventory management.  Short-term
financial assets declined 88% to € 5 million at the end of December 2014 from € 41 million in 2013. 
This development was driven by the decrease in short-term cash investments.  Group receivables
increased 8% to € 1946 billion at the end of December 2014 (2013: € 1809 billion).  On a currencyneutral basis,  receivables were up 2%.  Receivables from continuing operations increased 10% (+5%
currency-neutral),  reflecting the growth of our business during the fourth quarter of 2014.  Other
current financial assets more than doubled to € 398 million at the end of December 2014 from
€ 183 million in 2013.  This development was driven by an increase in the fair value of financial 
see Note 09,  p.  209

see Diagram 36
see Note 06,  p.  207
see Note 07,  p.  208
see Diagram 37
see Note 08,  p.  208

20

14

116

see Diagram 35

35   /   Total assets 1)  (€ in millions)

36   /  Inventories 1)  (€ in millions)

2014

12417

2014

2526

2013

11599

2013

2634

2012

11651

2012

2486

2011

11237

2011

2502

2010

10618

2010

2119

1) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

1) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

37   /   Accounts receivable 1)  (€ in millions)

38   /  Accounts payable 1)  (€ in millions)

2014

1946

2014

1652

2013

1809

2013

1825

2012

1688

2012

1790

2011

1595

2011

1887

2010

1667

2010

1694

1) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

1) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Statement of Financial Position and Statement of Cash Flows 
/ 032 
/

instruments.  Other current assets decreased 16% to € 425 million at the end of December 2014
from € 506 million in 2013,  mainly due to the decrease in prepayments. 
Total non-current assets grew 7% to € 5070 billion at the end of December 2014 from € 4742 billion
in 2013.  Fixed assets increased 5% to € 4346 billion at the end of December 2014 versus
€ 4144 billion in 2013.  Fixed assets include property,  plant and equipment,  goodwill,  trademarks
and other intangible assets as well as long-term financial assets.  Additions of € 569 million were
primarily related to the continued expansion of our own-retail activities,  investments into the
Group's logistics infrastructure and IT systems,  the acquisition of Luta Ltd.  as well as the further
development of the Group's headquarters in Herzogenaurach.  In addition,  in 2014 the Group
acquired its North American Distribution Centre in Spartanburg,  South Carolina (USA),  which was
previously leased.  Currency translation effects of € 290 million also contributed to the increase in
fixed assets.  Additions were partly offset by depreciation and amortisation of € 333 million,  goodwill
impairment of € 78 million,  disposals of € 23 million as well as the reclassification of the net book
value of Rockport fixed assets to assets classified as held for sale of € 224 million.  The majority
of goodwill is primarily related to the acquisition of the Reebok business in 2006.  At the end of
December 2014,  goodwill decreased 3% to € 1169 billion from € 1204 billion in the prior year.  The
decrease is mainly related to goodwill impaired of € 78 million,  in connection with the Group's retail
cash-generating unit Russia/CIS,  caused by adjusted growth assumptions due to the significant
deterioration of the Russian rouble.  Other non-current financial assets grew 40% to € 42 million at
the end of December 2014 from € 30 million in 2013. 

see Note 10,  p.  209

see Note 02,  p.  197
see Note 13,  p.  211
see Note 16,  p.  213

20

14

117
40   /   Operating working capital 1)  (€ in millions)

39   /   Shareholders' equity 1)  (€ in millions)
2014

5624

Q4 2014
Q4 2013

2821
2618

2013

5489

2012

5304

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

3689
3273

2011

5137

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

3213
2895

2010

4616

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

3280
3324

1) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

1)  igures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 

41   /  
Average operating working capital 1) 2)  (in % of net sales)
2014

224

2013

213

2012

200

2011

204

2010

208

1)  014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 
2) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Statement of Financial Position and Statement of Cash Flows 
/ 032 
/

Liabilities and equity
Total current liabilities decreased 7% to € 4378 billion at the end of December 2014 from
€ 4732 billion in 2013.  Accounts payable were down 9% to € 1652 billion at the end of December
2014 versus € 1825 billion in 2013.  On a currency-neutral basis,  accounts payable decreased 11%partly as a result of the transfer of Rockport accounts payable to liabilities classified as held for sale. 
Accounts payable from continuing operations decreased 8% (-10% currency-neutral),  reflecting the
lower sourcing activity during the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to the prior year.  At the end of
December 2014,  other current financial liabilities decreased 20% to € 91 million from € 113 million
in 2013,  primarily as a result of the decrease in the negative fair value of financial instruments. 
Short-term borrowings declined 58% to € 288 million at the end of December 2014 (2013:
€ 681 million).  The repayment of the Group's Eurobond,  which matured in July 2014,  was partly
offset by an increase in bank borrowings.  Other current provisions were up 4% to € 470 million
at the end of December 2014 versus € 450 million in 2013.  This primarily relates to an increase in
provisions for warranties and returns.  Currency translation effects of € 14 million also contributed
to the increase in other current provisions.  Current accrued liabilities grew 9% to € 1249 billion at
the end of December 2014 from € 1147 billion in 2013,  mainly due to an increase in accruals for
customer discounts.  Currency translation effects of € 61 million also contributed to the increase in
current accrued liabilities.  Other current liabilities were up 4% to € 287 million at the end of 2014
from € 276 million in 2013,  mainly due to an increase in tax liabilities other than income taxes. 

118

see Diagram 38

see Note 19,  p.  215

see Note 20,  p.  215
see Note 21,  p.  216
see Note 22,  p.  216

43   /   Capital expenditure by region 
20

14

42   /   Capital expenditure by segment 






2014



 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	





58%	HQ/Consolidation
24%	Retail
13%	Wholesale
5%	 Other Businesses 

3

2014




 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	

 

North America
Western Europe
Greater China
European Emerging Markets
Other Asian Markets
Latin America 
 

44   /   Capital expenditure by type 
37%	
27%	
14%	
7%	
7%	
7%	

45   /   Net borrowings/EBITDA 1)
2014





 

2014



 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	

55%	Other
24%	 Own-retail activities
12%	 Retailer support
9%	IT

01

2013

(02)

2012

(03)

2011

(01)

2010



02

1)  014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Statement of Financial Position and Statement of Cash Flows 
/ 032 
/

Total non-current liabilities increased 75% to € 2422 billion at the end of December 2014 from
€ 1386 billion in the prior year.  Long-term borrowings increased to € 1584 billion at the end of
December 2014 from € 653 million in the prior year.  This development was primarily due to the
issuance of two Eurobonds with an overall volume of € 1 billion. 
Shareholders' equity increased 2% to € 5624 billion at the end of December 2014 versus
€ 5489 billion in 2013.  The net income generated during the last twelve months,  positive currency
translation effects of € 106 million as well as an increase in hedging reserves of € 210 million were
the main contributors to this development.  This was partly offset by the dividend of € 314 million
paid to shareholders for the 2013 financial year as well as the repurchase of treasury shares in an
amount of € 300 million.  The Group's equity ratio at the end of December 2014 decreased to 453%
compared to 473% in the prior year. 

see Note 18,  p.  213

see Diagram 39

see Note 26,  p.  221

Operating working capital
Operating working capital increased 8% to € 2821 billion at the end of December 2014 compared to
€ 2618 billion in 2013.  Operating working capital from continuing operations increased 12% (+13%
currency-neutral).  This was mainly due to the increase in accounts receivable,  reflecting the growth
of our business during the fourth quarter of 2014,  as well as lower accounts payable at the end
of 2014.  Average operating working capital as a percentage of sales from continuing operations
increased 10 percentage points to 224% (2013: 213%). 

see Glossary,  p.  258
see Diagram 40
see Diagram 41

Investment analysis 
119

The majority of the Group's capital expenditure was recorded in HQ/Consolidation,  accounting for
58% (2013: 52%),  and was mainly related to investments in the Group's logistics infrastructure
and deployment of IT systems.  The Retail segment accounted for 24% of the Group's capital
expenditure (2013: 29%).  Investments primarily related to the expansion of our store base for
the adidas and Reebok brands,  particularly in emerging markets.  Expenditure in the Wholesale
segment accounted for 13% of total capital expenditure (2013: 13%).  Capital expenditure in Other
Businesses accounted for 5% of total expenditure (2013: 6%).  From a regional perspective,  capital
expenditure in North America accounted for 37% (2013: 16%) of the Group's capital expenditurefollowed by Western Europe with 27% (2013: 41%),  Greater China with 14% (2013: 13%),  European
Emerging Markets with 7% (2013: 17%),  Other Asian Markets with 7% (2013: 7%) and Latin
America with 7% (2013: 6%). 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
20

14

Capital expenditure is defined as the total cash expenditure for the purchase of tangible and
intangible assets (excluding acquisitions).  Group capital expenditure increased 16% to € 554 million
in 2014 (2013: € 479 million).  Capital expenditure in property,  plant and equipment amounted
to € 504 million and was thus above the prior year level of € 427 million.  The Group invested
€ 50 million in intangible assets,  representing a 4% decrease compared to the prior year (2013:
€ 52 million).  Depreciation and amortisation excluding impairment losses/reversal of impairment
losses of tangible and intangible assets increased 10% to € 309 million in 2014 (2013: € 281 million). 

see Diagram 42

see Diagram 43

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Statement of Financial Position and Statement of Cash Flows 
/ 032 
/

Liquidity analysis 
20

14

120

In 2014,  net cash generated from operating activities increased to € 701 million (2013:
€ 634 million).  Net cash generated from continuing operating activities increased to € 694 million
(2013: € 608 million),  primarily as a result of lower operating working capital requirements as
well as lower income taxes paid,  partly offset by a decline in income before taxes.  Net cash used
in investing activities more than doubled to € 537 million (2013: € 243 million).  Net cash used in
continuing investing activities also more than doubled to € 531 million (2013: € 237 million),  mainly
as a result of lower proceeds from the sale of short–term financial assets.  The majority of investing
activities in 2014 related to spending for property,  plant and equipment,  such as investments in the
furnishing and fitting of stores in our Retail segment as well as investments in the Group's logistics
infrastructure and IT systems.  Net cash used in financing activities totalled € 118 million (2013:
€ 439 million).  The repayment of the Group's Eurobond of € 500 million,  the dividend of € 314 million
paid to shareholders as well as the repurchase of treasury shares in the amount of € 300 million
were partly offset by proceeds from the issuance of two Eurobonds in an amount of € 990 million. 
Exchange rate effects positively impacted the Group's cash position by € 50 million in 2014 (2013:
negative impact of € 35 million).  As a result of all these developments,  cash and cash equivalents
increased € 96 million to € 1683 billion at the end of December 2014 compared to € 1587 billion
at the end of December 2013.  Net borrowings at December 31,  2014 amounted to € 185 millioncompared to net cash of € 295 million in 2013,  representing a decrease of € 479 million.  This
development is mainly a result of higher capital expenditure during 2014 as well as the utilisation
of cash for the first tranche of our share buyback programme in an amount of € 300 million. 
Currency translation had a positive effect of € 36 million on net borrowings.  The Group's ratio of net
borrowings over EBITDA amounted to 01 at the end of December 2014 (2013: –02). 
Operating cash flow,  as described in the Internal Group Management System,  decreased 36% to
€ 530 million in 2014 from € 827 million in the prior year.  The decrease was mainly due to a lower
operating profit as well as higher capital expenditure. 

46   /   Change in cash and cash equivalents  (€ in millions)
Cash and cash

­ quivalents at the
end of 2013

Net cash generated
from operating
activities 
Net cash used
in investing activities 
701

(537)

Net cash used
in financing activities 
(118)
1587

Effect of exchange
rates 
Cash and cash

­ quivalents at the
end of 2014

50

1683

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Diagram 46

see Treasury,  p.  121

see Diagram 45

see Internal Group Management System,  p.  98

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   / Treasury 
/ 032 
/

Off-balance sheet items
The Group's most significant off-balance sheet items are commitments for promotion and advertising
as well as operating leases,  which are related to own-retail stores,  offices,  warehouses and
equipment.  The Group has entered into various operating leases as opposed to property acquisitions
in order to reduce exposure to property value fluctuations.  Minimum future lease payments for
operating leases were € 1711 billion at December 31,  2014,  compared to € 1669 billion at the
end of December 2013,  representing an increase of 3%.  At the end of December 2014,  financial
commitments for promotion and advertising increased 37% to € 5193 billion in 2014 (2013:
€ 3791 billion),  mainly as a result of the long-term promotion contract concluded with Manchester
United F. C. 

see Note 28,  p.  226
see Note 38,  p.  243

Treasury
Group financing policy 
Treasury system and responsibilities
Our Group's Treasury Policy governs all treasury-related issues,  including banking policy and
approval of bank relationships,  financing arrangements and liquidity/asset managementcurrency and interest risk management as well as the management of intercompany cash flows. 
Responsibilities are arranged in a three-tiered approach:
/ The Treasury Committee consists of members of the Executive Board and other senior executives
who decide on the Group's Treasury Policy and provide strategic guidance for managing treasuryrelated topics.  Major changes to our Treasury Policy are subject to the prior approval of the
Treasury Committee. 
/ 
The Group Treasury department is responsible for specific centralised treasury transactions and
for the global implementation of our Group's Treasury Policy. 
/  a subsidiary level,  where applicable and economically reasonable,  local managing directors
On
and financial controllers are responsible for managing treasury matters in their respective
subsidiaries.  Controlling functions on a Group level ensure that the transactions of the individual
business units are in compliance with the Group's Treasury Policy. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

121
20

In order to be able to meet the Group's payment commitments at all times,  the major goal of our
financing policy is to ensure sufficient liquidity reserves,  while at the same time minimising the
Group's financial expenses.  The operating activities of our Group segments and markets and the
resulting cash inflows represent the Group's main source of liquidity.  Liquidity is planned on a rolling
monthly basis under a multi-year financial and liquidity plan.  This comprises all consolidated Group
companies.  Our in-house bank concept takes advantage of any surplus funds of individual Group
companies to cover the financial requirements of others,  thus reducing external financing needs
and optimising our net interest expenses.  By settling intercompany transactions via intercompany
financial accounts,  we are able to reduce external bank account transactions and thus bank charges. 
Effective management of our currency exposure and interest rate risks are additional goals and
responsibilities of our Group Treasury department. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   / Treasury 
/ 032 
/

Centralised treasury function
In accordance with our Group's Treasury Policy,  all worldwide credit lines are directly or indirectly
managed by the Group Treasury department.  Portions of those lines are allocated to the Group's
subsidiaries and backed by adidas AG guarantees.  As a result of this centralised liquidity managementthe Group is well positioned to allocate resources efficiently throughout the organisation.  The Group's
debt is generally unsecured and may include standard financial covenants,  which are reviewed on a
quarterly basis.  We maintain good relations with numerous partner banks,  thereby avoiding a high
dependency on any single financial institution.  Banking partners of the Group and our subsidiaries
are required to have at least a BBB+ long-term investment grade rating by Standard & Poor's or an
equivalent rating by another leading rating agency.  Only in exceptional cases are Group companies
authorised to work with banks with a lower rating.  To ensure optimal allocation of the Group's liquid
financial resources,  subsidiaries transfer excess cash to the Group's headquarters in all instances
where it is legally and economically feasible.  In this regard,  the standardisation and consolidation of
the Group's global cash management and payment processes,  including automated domestic and
cross-border cash pools,  is a key priority for Group Treasury.  In 2014,  we successfully implemented
 new in-house bank module in order to further automate intra-Group settlements. 

see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  154

see Glossary,  p.  258

Group financial flexibility 
20

14

122

The adidas Group's financial flexibility is ensured by the availability of unutilised credit facilities
of € 1846 billion at the end of 2014 (2013: € 2026 billion).  These include a committed syndicated
loan facility of € 500 million as well as bilateral credit lines at different banks of € 1346 billion
(2013: € 1526 billion).  The syndicated loan facility has a remaining time to maturity of five years. 
We monitor the ongoing need for available credit lines based on the current level of debt as well as
future financing requirements. 

Successful issuance of two Eurobonds
2014 saw the successful issuance of two Eurobonds with an overall volume of € 1 billion.  The
seven-year Eurobond of € 600 million matures on October 8,  2021 and has a coupon of 125%.  The
twelve-year Eurobond of € 400 million matures on October 8,  2026 and has a coupon of 225%.  With
this transaction,  we have taken the opportunity of a low interest rate environment in the Eurobond
market to further strengthen the Group's financing mix while increasing the overall duration. 

see Note 18,  p.  213

Bilateral credit lines decrease
At the end of 2014,  bilateral credit lines declined 8% to € 1520 billion compared to € 1652 billion
in the prior year,  as a result of the issuance of two Eurobonds.  Committed and uncommitted credit
lines represent approximately 15% and 85% of total short-term bilateral credit lines,  respectively
(2013: 22% and 78%). 

Standard financial covenants
In the case of our committed credit facilities,  we have entered into various covenants.  These
covenants may include limits on the disposal of fixed assets,  the amount of debt secured by
liens,  cross default provisions and change of control.  In addition,  certain financial arrangements
contain equity ratio covenants,  minimum equity covenants as well as net loss covenants.  If we
failed to meet any covenant and were unable to obtain a waiver from a majority of partner banksborrowings would become due and payable immediately.  As at December 31,  2014,  we were in 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Diagram 49

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   / Treasury 
/ 032 
/

full compliance with all of our covenants,  with ample coverage above all stipulated minimum
requirements.  As a result of our cash flow expectations,  we are fully confident we will continue to
be compliant with these covenants going forward.  We believe that cash generated from operating
activities,  together with access to external sources of funds,  will be sufficient to meet our future
operating and capital needs. 

see Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  146

47   /   Total credit facilities  (€ in millions)
2014

2013

1520

1652

500

500

Private placements 
218

248

Eurobond 
990

500

Convertible bond 
471

460

3699

3360

Bilateral
credit facilities
Syndicated
loan facility 
Total
 2014   2013

123
20

14

48   /  
Remaining time to maturity of available facilities  (€ in millions)
2014

2013

1615

2207

 to 3 years 
123

193

 to 5 years 
971

960

> 5 years 
990



3699

3360

2014

2013

235

370

Uncommitted 
1285

1282

Total 
1520

1652

< 1 year 
Total
 2014   2013

49   /   Bilateral credit lines  (€ in millions)

Committed 
 2014   2013

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   / Treasury 
/ 032 
/

Gross borrowings increase
Gross borrowings increased 40% to € 1873 billion at the end of 2014 from € 1334 billion in the
prior year.  This increase is mainly due to the issuance of two Eurobonds with an overall volume of
€ 1 billion,  which more than offset the repayment of the Eurobond of € 500 million which matured
in July 2014.  Bank borrowings (incl.  commercial paper) amounted to € 194 million compared to
€ 126 million in the prior year.  At the end of 2014,  commercial paper of € 20 million was outstanding
(2013: € 0 million).  Private placements decreased 12% to € 218 million in 2014 (2013: € 248 million). 
Convertible bonds outstanding increased 2% to € 471 million from € 460 million in the prior year,  as
 result of accruing the debt component.  At issuance in 2012,  the convertible bond was split – after
deducting the issuance costs into the equity component amounting to € 55 million and the debt
component amounting to € 441 million.  The debt component is accrued to its nominal value
amounting to € 500 million until 2017 by use of the effective interest method.  The total amount of
bonds outstanding at the end of 2014 was € 1461 billion (2013: € 960 million). 

see Diagram 51

see Diagram 56

Euro dominates currency mix
The vast majority of our Group's gross borrowings are denominated in euros and US dollars.  At the
end of 2014,  gross borrowings denominated in euros accounted for 80% of total gross borrowings
(2013: 76%).  The share of gross borrowings held in US dollars decreased slightly to 12% (2013:
14%). 

124
20

14

50   /   Currency split of gross borrowings  (€ in millions)
2014

2013

EUR

1491

1016

USD

218

193

164

125

1873

1334

2014

2013

< 1 year 
288

681

 to 3 years 
123

193

 to 5 years 
471

460

> 5 years 
990



1873

1334

All others
Total
 2014   2013

51   /  
Remaining time to maturity of gross borrowings  (€ in millions)

Total
 2014   2013

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Diagram 50

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   / Treasury 
/ 032 
/

Debt maturity profile improves
With the issuance of two Eurobonds,  our debt maturity profile improved over the course of 2014. 
In 2015,  assuming unchanged maturities,  debt instruments of € 288 million will mature.  This
compares to € 681 million which matured during the course of 2014. 

see Diagram 51

Interest rate decreases
The weighted average interest rate on the Group's gross borrowings decreased to 31% in 2014
(2013: 38%).  This development is mainly due to the repayment of both the Eurobond of € 500 million
and a private placement of € 56 million,  which carried higher interest rates.  Fixed-rate financing
represented 90% of the Group's total gross borrowings at the end of 2014 (2013: 91%).  Variable-rate
financing accounted for 10% of total gross borrowings at the end of the year (2013: 9%). 

see Diagram 54

Net debt position of € 185 million
The Group ended the year with a net debt position of € 185 million,  compared to a net cash position
of € 295 million at the end of the prior year,  representing a decrease of € 479 million.  Higher capital
expenditure than originally planned negatively influenced this development.  In addition,  during 2014
we utilised cash for the first tranche of our share buyback programme in an amount of € 300 millionwhich contributed to the net debt position.  Currency effects had a positive impact of € 36 million on
net debt development. 

125

53   /   Net cash/(net borrowings) by quarter 1)  (€ in millions)

20

14

52   /   Net cash/(net borrowings)  (€ in millions)

see Diagram 52

2014

 (185)

Q4 2014
Q4 2013

(185)
295

2013

295

2012

448

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

(543)
(180)

2011

90

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

(454)
(94)

2010

(221)

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

(254)
(180)

1) At end of period. 

54   /   Interest rate development 1)  (in %)

55   /   Financial leverage  (in %)

2014

31

2014

33

2013

38

2013

(54)

2012

44

2012

(85)

2011

49

2011

(17)

2010

51

2010

48

1) Weighted average interest rate of gross borrowings. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   / Treasury 
/ 032 
/

56   /   Financing structure 1)  (€ in millions)
2014

1688

1629

174

Cash and short-term financial assets
Bank borrowings 
2013

126

Commercial paper 
20



Private placements 
218

248

Eurobond 
990

500

Convertible bond 
471

460

Gross total borrowings 
1873

1334

Net cash 
(185)

295

1) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

57   /   Issued bonds at a glance  (in millions)
Issued bonds 
fixed 
2015

USD 150

fixed 
2016

Convertible bond 
EUR 500

fixed 
2019

Eurobond 
EUR 600

fixed 
2021

Eurobond
14

USD 115

US private placement 
20

Coupon 
US private placement 
126

Volume 
Maturity 
EUR 400

fixed 
2026

 

Effective currency management a key priority
As a globally operating company,  the adidas Group is exposed to currency risks.  Therefore,  effective
currency management is a key focus of Group Treasury,  with the aim of reducing the impact of
currency fluctuations on non-euro-denominated net future cash flows.  In this regard,  hedging US
dollars is a central part of our programme.  This is a direct result of the Group's Asian-dominated
sourcing,  which is largely denominated in US dollars.  In 2014,  Group Treasury managed a net deficit
of around US $ 56 billion related to operational activities (2013: US $ 52 billion).  Thereof,  around
US $ 28 billion were against the euro (2013: US $ 26 billion).  As governed by the Group's Treasury
Policy,  we have established a hedging system on a rolling basis up to 24 months in advance,  under
which the vast majority of the anticipated seasonal hedging volume is secured approximately six
months prior to the start of a season.  As a result,  we have almost completed our anticipated hedging
needs for 2015 as of year-end 2014 and have already started hedging our exposure for 2016.  In
2015,  the positive effect from a more favourable EUR/USD conversion rate is expected to be more
than offset by less favourable conversion rates in emerging markets,  especially Russia.  The use
or combination of different hedging instruments,  such as forward exchange contracts,  currency
options and swaps,  protects us against unfavourable currency movements.  The use of currency
options allows the Group to benefit from future favourable exchange rate developments. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Global Operations,  p.  66

see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  154

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Financial Statements and Management Report of adidas AG

/ 032 
/

Financial Statements and Management Report
of adidas AG
adidas AG is the parent company of the adidas Group.  It includes operating business functionsprimarily for the German market,  as well as corporate headquarter functions such as Global
Marketing,  Group Treasury,  Taxes,  Legal and Finance.  It also administers the shareholdings of the
company. 

Operating activities and capital structure of adidas AG
The majority of the operating business of adidas AG consists of the sale of merchandise to retailers
and own-retail activities. 
In addition to its own trading activities,  the results of adidas AG are significantly influenced by its
holding function for the adidas Group.  This is reflected primarily in currency effects,  transfer of
costs for services provided,  interest result and income from investments in affiliated companies. 

Preparation of accounts
Unlike the consolidated financial statements of the adidas Group,  which are in conformity with
the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS),  as adopted by the European Union as
at December 31,  2014,  the following financial statements of adidas AG have been prepared in
accordance with the rules set out in the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch HGB). 

Income Statement
58   /  
Statement of income in accordance with HGB (Condensed) 1)  (€ in millions)
2014

2013

Net sales 
2142

1954

Total output 
2142

1954

647

1165

Other operating income
Cost of materials 
(600)

(532)

Personnel expenses 
(398)

(357)

Depreciation and amortisation
Other operating expenses 
(91)

(81)

(1581)

(1981)
168

Operating profit 
119

Financial result 
128

43

Taxes 
(71)

(111)

Net income 
176

100

Retained earnings brought forward 
110

324

Withdrawals from other revenue reserves
Retained earnings 
21



307

424

1) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
127
14

The asset and capital structure of adidas AG is significantly impacted by its holding and financing
function for the Group.  For example,  47% of total assets in 2014 related to financial assetswhich primarily consist of shares in affiliated companies.  Intercompany accounts,  through which
transactions between affiliated companies are settled,  represent another 30% of total assets and
43% of total liabilities and equity as at December 31,  2014. 

see Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  146
see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  154

20

The opportunities and risks as well as the future development of adidas AG largely reflect those of
the adidas Group. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Financial Statements and Management Report of adidas AG

/ 032 
/

59   /   adidas AG net sales 1)  (€ in millions)
2014

Royalty and commission income
adidas Germany
Foreign subsidiaries 
2013

1177

1088

798

701

96

103

Y-3

51

44

Other revenues 
20

18

2142

1954

Total
1) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

Net sales increase 10%
Sales of adidas AG comprise external revenues from adidas and Reebok products generated by
adidas Germany,  external revenues from Y-3 products as well as Group-internal revenues from
foreign subsidiaries.  Reported revenues also include royalty and commission income,  mainly from
affiliated companies,  and other revenues.  In 2014,  adidas AG net sales grew 10% to € 2142 billion
(2013: € 1954 billion).  This growth is mainly due to an increase in royalty income from affiliated
companies as well as higher sales at adidas Germany. 

Other operating income down 44%
20

14

128

In 2014,  other operating income of adidas AG decreased 44% to € 647 million (2013: € 1165 billion). 
This was primarily due to a decline in income from currency conversion. 

Other operating expenses decrease 20%
Other operating expenses of adidas AG declined 20% to € 1581 billion in 2014 (2013: € 1981 billion). 
This decrease was largely due to a decline in losses from currency translation,  which more than
offset an increase in cost transfers within the Group as well as an increase in expenditure,  in
particular depreciation of accounts receivable as well as legal and consultancy expenses. 

Depreciation and amortisation increases 12%
Depreciation and amortisation for adidas AG rose 12% to € 91 million in 2014 (2013: € 81 million)mainly as a result of the depreciation and amortisation of software and buildings. 

Operating profit declines 29%
In 2014,  operating profit decreased 29% to € 119 million (2013: € 168 million).  This was mainly due
to the decline in other operating income as well as the increase in cost of materials and personnel
expenses. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Table 59

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Financial Statements and Management Report of adidas AG

/ 032 
/

Financial result improves strongly
The financial result of adidas AG improved to € 128 million in 2014 from € 43 million in 2013. 
This increase is due to lower interest paid to affiliated companies as well as higher income from
investments in affiliated companies in an amount of € 170 million (2013: € 102 million).  This
includes the recognition of the dividend of the subsidiary in Korea in the same reporting period (date
of resolution: February 12,  2015) in an amount of € 72 million. 
Net interest expense of adidas AG declined 29% to € 44 million in 2014 (2013: € 62 million).  This was
mainly due to lower interest paid to affiliated companies. 

Net income grows 76%
Income from ordinary activities increased 17% to € 247 million in 2014 from € 211 million in 2013. 
This development is mainly attributable to the improved financial result,  which more than offset
lower operating profit.  Net income,  after taxes of € 71 million,  was € 176 million in 2014 and was
thus above the prior year level (2013: € 100 million). 

Balance Sheet
60   /  
Balance sheet in accordance with HGB (Condensed) 1)  (€ in millions)
Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

129

148

419

304

Financial assets 
Property,  plant and equipment 
3503

3476

Fixed assets 
4051

3928

Inventories
Receivables and other assets
Cash and cash equivalents,  securities
Current assets
Prepaid expenses
Total assets 
38

29

2312

1928

934

736

3284

2693

80

73

7415

6694

2051

2489

Equity and liabilities
Shareholders' equity
Provisions 
390

393

Liabilities and other items 
4974

3812

Total equity and liabilities 
7415

6694

1) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
20

Intangible assets 
14

129

Assets 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Financial Statements and Management Report of adidas AG

/ 032 
/

Total assets increase 11%
At the end of December 2014,  total assets grew 11% to € 7415 billion compared to € 6694 billion in
the prior year.  This was mainly a result of an increase in receivables and other assets in an amount
of € 384 million. 

Shareholders' equity decreases 18%
Shareholders' equity declined 18% to € 2051 billion at the end of December 2014 compared to
€ 2489 billion in the prior year.  This decrease was mainly due to the buyback of treasury shares and
lower retained earnings in 2014 compared to the prior year.  Accordingly,  the equity ratio declined
to 28%. 

Provisions down 1%
Provisions decreased 1% to € 390 million at the end of 2014 (2013: € 393 million). 

Liabilities and other items up 30%
Liabilities and other items increased 30% to € 4974 billion at the end of 2014 (2013: € 3812 billion). 
This increase primarily resulted from the issuance of two Eurobonds with an overall volume of
€ 1 billion. 

Cash inflow from operating activities reflects net income 
20

14

130

adidas AG generated a positive cash flow from operating activities of € 61 million (2013: € 89 million). 
The change versus the prior year was mainly a result of higher payables to affiliated companies. 
Net cash outflow from investment activities was € 221 million (2013: € 115 million).  This is largely
attributable to capital expenditure for tangible and intangible fixed assets of € 195 million.  Financing
activities resulted in a cash inflow of € 359 million (2013: cash outflow of € 287 million).  The net cash
inflow from financing activities relates to the issuance of two Eurobonds.  This was partly offset by
the dividend payment of € 314 million and the buyback of shares in an amount of € 300 million.  As a
result of all these developments,  cash and cash equivalents of adidas AG increased to € 934 million
at the end of December 2014 compared to € 736 million at the end of December 2013. 
adidas AG has a committed syndicated loan facility of € 500 million,  which was unutilised at
year-end 2014. 
adidas AG is able to meet its financial commitments at all times. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Treasury,  p.  121

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 and § 289 Section 4 of the German Commercial Code 
/ 032 
/

Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 and
§ 289 Section 4 of the German Commercial Code
Composition of subscribed capital
The nominal capital of adidas AG amounts to € 209216186 (as at December 31,  2014) and is
divided into the same number of registered no-par-value shares with a pro-rata amount in the
nominal capital of € 1 each ('shares').  Pursuant to § 4 section 9 of the Articles of Associationshareholders' claims to the issuance of individual share certificates are,  in principle,  excluded. 
Each share grants one vote at the Annual General Meeting.  All shares carry the same rights and
obligations.  As at December 31,  2014,  adidas AG holds 4889142 treasury shares,  which however
do not confer any rights to the company in accordance with § 71b German Stock Corporation Act
(Aktiengesetz AktG). 
In the USA,  we have issued American Depositary Receipts (ADRs).  ADRs are deposit certificates
of non-US shares that are traded instead of the original shares on US stock exchanges.  Two ADRs
equal one share. 

see Note 25,  p.  221

see Our Share,  p.  38

Restrictions on voting rights or transfer of shares
We are not aware of any contractual agreements with adidas AG or other agreements restricting
voting rights or the transfer of shares.  Based on the Code of Conduct in conjunction with an
internal guideline of adidas AG,  however,  particular lock-up periods do exist for members of the
Executive Board with regard to the purchase and sale of adidas AG shares.  These lock-up periods
are connected with the publication of quarterly and full year results.  Such lock-up periods also exist
for employees who have access to yet unpublished financial results. 

20

14

131

In addition,  restrictions of voting rights may exist pursuant,  inter alia,  to § 136 AktG or for treasury
shares pursuant to § 71b AktG as well as due to capital market regulations,  in particular pursuant to
§§ 21 et seq.  German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz WpHG). 

Shareholdings in share capital exceeding 10% of voting rights
We have not been notified of,  and are not aware of,  any direct or indirect shareholdings in the share
capital of adidas AG exceeding 10% of the voting rights. 

Shares with special rights
There are no shares bearing special rights.  In particular,  there are no shares with rights conferring
powers of control. 

Voting right control if employees have a share in the capital
Like all other shareholders,  employees who hold adidas AG shares exercise their control rights
directly in accordance with statutory provisions and the Articles of Association. 

Executive Board appointment and dismissal
Pursuant to § 6 of the Articles of Association and § 84 AktG,  the Supervisory Board is responsible
for determining the exact number of members of the Executive Board,  for their appointment
and dismissal as well as for the appointment of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO).  The adidas AG
Executive Board,  which,  as a basic principle,  comprises at least two members,  currently consists
of the CEO as well as four further members.  Executive Board members may be appointed for a
maximum period of five years.  Such appointments may be renewed and the terms of office may be
extended,  provided that no term exceeds five years. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Executive Board,  p.  10

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 and § 289 Section 4 of the German Commercial Code 
/ 032 
/

The Supervisory Board may revoke the appointment of an individual as member of the Executive
Board or CEO for good cause,  such as gross negligence of duties or a vote of no confidence by the
Annual General Meeting.  As adidas AG is subject to the regulations of the German Co-Determination
Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz MitbestG),  the appointment of Executive Board members and also
their dismissal requires a majority of at least two thirds of the Supervisory Board members
(§ 31 MitbestG).  If such a majority is not established in the first vote by the Supervisory Board,  the
Mediation Committee has to present a proposal which,  however,  does not exclude other proposals. 
The appointment or dismissal is then made in a second vote with a simple majority of the votes cast
by the Supervisory Board members.  Should the required majority not be established in this case
either,  a third vote,  again requiring a simple majority,  must be held in which,  however,  the Chairman
of the Supervisory Board has two votes. 
Furthermore,  the Fuerth,  Germany,  local court shall,  pursuant to § 85 section 1 AktG,  in urgent
cases,  make the necessary appointment upon application by any party involved,  if the Executive
Board does not have the required number of members. 

Amendments to the Articles of Association 
20

14

132

Pursuant to § 179 section 1 sentence 1 AktG,  the Articles of Association of adidas AG can,  in
principle,  only be amended by a resolution passed by the Annual General Meeting.  Pursuant to
§ 21 section 3 of the Articles of Association in conjunction with § 179 section 2 sentence 2 AktGthe Annual General Meeting of adidas AG principally resolves upon amendments to the Articles of
Association with a simple majority of the votes cast and with a simple majority of the nominal capital
represented when passing the resolution.  If mandatory legal provisions stipulate a larger majority
of voting rights or capital,  this is applicable.  When it comes to amendments solely relating to the
wording,  the Supervisory Board is,  however,  authorised to make these modifications in accordance
with § 179 section 1 sentence 2 AktG in conjunction with § 10 section 1 of the Articles of Association. 

Authorisations of the Executive Board
The authorisations of the Executive Board are regulated by §§ 76 et seq.  AktG in conjunction with
§ 7 of the Articles of Association.  The Executive Board is responsible,  in particular,  for managing the
company and represents the company judicially and extra-judicially. 

Authorisation of the Executive Board to issue shares
The authorisation of the Executive Board to issue shares is regulated by § 4 of the Articles of
Association and by statutory provisions:
Authorised Capital
/ 
Until June 30,  2016,  the Executive Board is authorised to increase the nominal capital,  subject to
Supervisory Board approval,  by issuing new shares against contributions in kind once or several
times by no more than € 25000000 altogether (Authorised Capital 2013/II). 

/ 
Until June 30,  2018,  the Executive Board is authorised to increase the nominal capital,  subject to
Supervisory Board approval,  by issuing new shares against contributions in cash once or several
times by no more than € 50000000 altogether (Authorised Capital 2013/I). 
/ 
Until June 30,  2018,  the Executive Board is authorised to increase the nominal capital,  subject to
Supervisory Board approval,  by issuing new shares against contributions in cash once or several
times by no more than € 20000000 altogether (Authorised Capital 2013/III). 
Subject to Supervisory Board approval,  shareholders' subscription rights may be excluded in certain
cases for each of the above-mentioned authorisations. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Note 25,  p.  221

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 and § 289 Section 4 of the German Commercial Code 
/ 032 
/

Contingent Capital
/ 
The nominal capital of the company is conditionally increased by up to € 36000000 (Contingent
Capital 2010).  The Contingent Capital serves the purpose of granting holders or creditors
of bonds that were issued based on the resolution of the Annual General Meeting on May 62010 subscription or conversion rights relating to no more than a total of 36000000 shares in
compliance with the corresponding conditions of the bonds. 
On March 14,  2012,  following the approval of the Supervisory Board,  the Executive Board issued
 convertible bond,  excluding shareholders' subscription rights,  thus making partial use of the
authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting on May 6,  2010.  However,  the shares will only
be issued insofar as bondholders make use of their conversion rights.  The total number of shares
to be issued to bondholders in case of full conversion currently amounts to up to 6056447 shares. 
Moreover,  the authorisation to issue bonds with warrants and/or convertible bonds granted on
May 6,  2010 was cancelled by resolution of the Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2014. 

The Executive Board has so far not utilised the authorisation to issue bonds with warrants and/or
convertible bonds granted by the Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2014. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

133
20

/ 
Furthermore,  the nominal capital of the company is conditionally increased by up to € 12500000
(Contingent Capital 2014).  The Contingent Capital serves the purpose of granting holders or
creditors of bonds that were issued based on the resolution of the Annual General Meeting on
May 8,  2014 subscription or conversion rights relating to no more than a total of 12500000
shares in compliance with the corresponding conditions of the bonds.  Based on the authorisation
granted by the Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2014,  the Executive Board is authorised,  subject
to Supervisory Board approval,  to issue bonds with warrants and/or convertible bonds in an
aggregate nominal value of up to € 1 billion with or without a limited term,  against contributions
in cash once or several times until May 7,  2019,  and to guarantee bonds issued by subordinated
Group companies.  The Executive Board is also authorised,  subject to Supervisory Board approvalto exclude shareholders' subscription rights for fractional amounts and to exclude shareholders'
subscription rights insofar as this is necessary for granting subscription rights to which holders or
creditors of previously issued bonds are entitled.  Furthermore,  the Executive Board is authorisedsubject to Supervisory Board approval,  to also exclude shareholders' subscription rights if the
issue price of the bonds is not significantly below the hypothetical market value of these bonds
and the number of shares to be issued does not exceed 10% of the nominal capital.  The issuance
of new shares or the use of treasury shares must be taken into account when calculating the limit
of 10% in certain other specific cases. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 and § 289 Section 4 of the German Commercial Code 
/ 032 
/

Authorisation of the Executive Board to repurchase shares
The authorisations of the Executive Board to repurchase adidas AG shares arise from §§ 71 et seq. 
AktG and,  as at the balance sheet date,  from the authorisation granted by the Annual General
Meeting on May 8,  2014. 

/  Until May 7,  2019,  the Executive Board is authorised to repurchase adidas AG shares of up
to an amount totalling 10% of the nominal capital at the date of the resolution (or,  as the case
may be,  a lower amount of nominal capital at the date of utilisation of the authorisation) for any
lawful purpose and within the legal framework.  The authorisation may be used by the company
but also by its subordinated Group companies or by third parties on account of the company or its
subordinated Group companies or third parties assigned by the company or one of its subordinated
Group companies. 
The repurchase will be carried out via the stock exchange,  through a public invitation to submit
sale offers,  through a public repurchase offer,  or through granting tender rights to shareholders. 
Furthermore,  the authorisation sets out the lowest and highest nominal value that may be granted
in each case. 
The purposes for which adidas AG shares repurchased based on this authorisation may be used are
set out in Item 8 of the Agenda for the Annual General Meeting held on May 8,  2014.  The shares may
in particular be used as follows:

20

14

134
/ 
They may be sold via the stock exchange,  through a public share purchase offer made to all
shareholders or sold otherwise against cash (limited to 10% of the nominal capital taking into
account certain offsets) at a price not significantly below the stock market price of shares with
the same features. 
/ 
They may be offered and assigned as consideration for the direct or indirect acquisition of
companies,  parts of companies,  participations in companies or other economic assets or within
the scope of company mergers. 
/ 
They may be offered and sold as consideration for the acquisition of industrial property rights or
intangible property rights or for the acquisition of licences relating to such rights,  also through
subordinated Group companies. 
/ 
They may be used for purposes of meeting the subscription or conversion rights or obligations
or the company's right to delivery of shares arising from bonds with warrants and/or convertible
bonds issued by the company or its subordinated Group companies. 
/ 
They may be cancelled without the cancellation,  or the execution thereof,  requiring an additional
resolution of the Annual General Meeting. 
Furthermore,  the shares may be assigned to members of the Executive Board as compensation
by way of a stock bonus subject to the provision that resale by the Executive Board members shall
only be permitted following a retention period of at least three years from the date of assignment. 
Responsibility in this case lies with the Supervisory Board. 
In case of utilisation of shares for the above-mentioned purposes,  except for the cancellation of
shares,  shareholders' subscription rights are excluded. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Group Business Performance   /  Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 and § 289 Section 4 of the German Commercial Code 
/ 032 
/

The Supervisory Board may determine that transactions based on this authorisation may only be
carried out subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board or one of its committees. 
In the year under review,  the Executive Board partly utilised the authorisation to repurchase treasury
shares.  In the period from November 7,  2014 up to and including December 12,  2014,  adidas AG
bought back 4889142 shares via the stock exchange. 

/  In the scope of the authorisation resolved by the Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2014,  the
Executive Board is furthermore authorised to conduct the share buyback also by using equity
derivatives which are arranged with a credit institution or financial services institution in close
conformity with market conditions.  adidas AG may acquire call options issued for physical delivery
and/or sell put options or use a combination of call and put options or other equity derivatives if the
option conditions ensure that these shares are only delivered if they were purchased in compliance
with the equality principle.  All share purchases using the aforementioned equity derivatives are
limited to a maximum value of 5% of the nominal capital existing at the date on which the resolution
was adopted by the Annual General Meeting (or,  as the case may be,  a lower amount of nominal
capital at the date of utilisation of the authorisation).  The term of the options may not exceed 18
months and must furthermore be chosen in such a way that the shares are acquired upon the
exercise of the options no later than May 7,  2019.  The authorisation furthermore sets out the lowest
and highest nominal value that may be granted in each case. 

Change of control/compensation agreements
Material agreements entered into by adidas AG containing a change-of-control clause relate to
financing agreements.  In the case of a change of control,  these agreements,  in accordance with
common practice,  entitle the creditor to termination and early calling-in of any outstanding amounts. 
No compensation agreements exist between adidas AG and members of the Executive Board or
employees relating to the event of a takeover bid. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

135
20

For excluding subscription rights as well as for the use and cancellation of shares purchased using
equity derivatives,  the general provisions adopted by the Annual General Meeting (set out above) are
applicable accordingly. 



Group Management Report Financial Review
Business Performance by Segment   /  Wholesale Business Performance 
/ 033 
/

Business Performance by Segment
The adidas Group has divided its operating activities into Wholesale,  Retail and Other
Businesses.  The Wholesale segment comprises the adidas and Reebok business activities
with retailers.  The Retail segment comprises the own-retail and e-commerce activities
of the adidas and Reebok brands.  The financial results of TaylorMade-adidas GolfReebok-CCM Hockey and Other Centrally Managed Brands,  which comprise brands such as
Y-3 and Five Ten,  are aggregated under Other Businesses. 

Wholesale Business Performance
Wholesale full year results
In 2014,  sales in the Wholesale segment increased 6% on a currency-neutral basis.  This development
was driven by strong growth at adidas,  while Reebok revenues remained stable versus the prior year. 
Currency translation effects negatively impacted segmental revenues in euro terms.  Sales in the
Wholesale segment grew 3% to € 9376 billion from € 9100 billion in 2013. 

20

14

136

Wholesale gross profit increased 1% to € 3911 billion from € 3884 billion in 2013.  Gross margin
in the Wholesale segment decreased 10 percentage points to 417% in 2014 from 427% in 2013. 
The positive effect from a more favourable product mix was more than offset by negative currency
effects following the devaluation of currencies such as the Argentine peso and Brazilian real
as well as a less favourable pricing mix.  By brand,  the adidas wholesale gross margin declined
09 percentage points to 433% (2013: 442%).  The wholesale gross margin for the Reebok brand
decreased 24 percentage points to 286% (2013: 310%). 

01   /   Wholesale at a glance  (€ in millions)
2014

2013

Change 
Net sales 
9376

9100

3%

Gross profit 
3911

3884

1%

417%

427%

(10pp)

3100

3082

1%

331%

339%

(08pp)

Change 
Change
(currencyneutral)

Gross margin
Segmental operating profit
Segmental operating margin 
02   /   Wholesale net sales by region  (€ in millions)
2014

Western Europe
European Emerging Markets 
2013

3156

2940

7%

7%

625

545

15%

23%
(8%)

North America 
1485

1633

(9%)

Greater China 
1516

1403

8%

8%

Other Asian Markets 
1401

1368

2%

6%

Latin America 
1193

1210

(1%)

14%

Total 1)

9376

9100

3%

6%

1) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Table 01

see Table 01

Group Management Report Financial Review
Business Performance by Segment   /  Wholesale Business Performance 
/ 033 
/

Segmental operating expenses in Wholesale primarily relate to sales working budget expenses as
well as expenditure for sales force,  administration and logistics.  In euro terms,  segmental operating
expenses were up 1% to € 810 million versus € 802 million in 2013.  This was primarily due to higher
sales working budget expenses.  Segmental operating expenses as a percentage of sales decreased
02 percentage points to 86% (2013: 88%). 
Segmental operating profit increased 1% to € 3100 billion versus € 3082 billion in the prior year. 
Segmental operating margin declined 08 percentage points to 331% (2013: 339%),  as the positive
effect of lower segmental operating expenses as a percentage of sales was more than offset by the
gross margin decline. 

see Table 01

Wholesale development by region 
see Table 02

137
20

14

In 2014,  currency-neutral sales for the Wholesale segment increased in all regions except North
America.  Currency-neutral revenues in Western Europe were up 7%,  mainly due to strong sales
increases in Germany,  the UK,  France,  Poland and Spain.  Currency-neutral sales in European
Emerging Markets rose 23%,  as a result of double-digit growth in all of the region's major markets. 
Currency-neutral Wholesale sales in North America were down 8% due to declines in the USA. 
Revenues in Greater China increased 8% on a currency-neutral basis.  Sales in Other Asian Markets
grew 6% on a currency-neutral basis,  driven by increases in South Korea,  Japan and India.  In Latin
America,  currency-neutral sales were up 14%,  supported by double-digit sales growth in most
markets,  in particular Argentina,  Mexico and Chile.  Currency translation effects had a mixed impact
on regional sales in euro terms. 

03   /   Wholesale net sales by region 



4

2014


 





 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	

34%	
16%	
16%	
15%	
13%	
7%	

04   /   Wholesale net sales by brand 
Western Europe
North America
Greater China
Other Asian Markets
Latin America
European Emerging Markets 

2

 /	
 /	

2014


 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
 /	

66%	 adidas Sport Performance
24%	
adidas Originals &
Sport Style
11%	Reebok 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Business Performance by Segment   /  Wholesale Business Performance 
/ 033 
/

Wholesale development by brand
In 2014,  adidas Sport Performance wholesale revenues grew 6% on a currency-neutral basis. 
This development was mainly driven by double-digit sales increases in the football and running
categories.  Currency translation effects had a negative impact on revenues in euro terms.  adidas
Sport Performance sales increased 3% to € 6147 billion (2013: € 5970 billion). 
Currency-neutral adidas Originals & Sport Style wholesale revenues increased 7% in 2014primarily driven by double-digit sales increases at adidas NEO.  Currency translation effects had a
negative impact on revenues in euro terms.  adidas Originals & Sport Style sales increased 5% to
€ 2264 billion (2013: € 2156 billion). 
In 2014,  Reebok wholesale revenues remained stable on a currency-neutral basis,  as sales growth
in the fitness training,  walking and studio categories was offset by declines in fitness running and
Classics.  Currency translation effects had a negative impact on revenues in euro terms.  Reebok
sales were down 5% to € 1000 billion from €1050 billion in the prior year. 

05   /   Wholesale net sales by quarter  (€ in millions)

06   /   Wholesale gross margin by quarter  (in %)

Q4 2014
Q4 2013

14
20

Q4 2014
Q4 2013

397
407

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

138

2217
2052
2717
2553

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

418
439

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

2085
2014

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

413
411

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

2357
2481

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

438
443

07   /  
Wholesale segmental operating profit by quarter  
(€ in millions)
Q4 2014
Q4 2013

663
632

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

929
926

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

670
632

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

838
893

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Business Performance by Segment   /  Retail Business Performance 
/ 033 
/

Retail Business Performance
Retail full year results 
Segmental operating expenses in Retail primarily relate to personnel and rent expenses as well as
the sales working budget.  In 2014,  segmental operating expenses increased 10% to € 1608 billion
from € 1465 billion in 2013.  This was mainly a result of higher expenses related to the expansion
of the Group's store base,  particularly in emerging markets.  Higher sales working budget expenses
also contributed to this development.  Segmental operating expenses as a percentage of sales
decreased 07 percentage points to 418% (2013: 425%). 

08   /   Retail at a glance  (€ in millions)
2014

2013

Change 
11%

Net sales 
3842

3446

Gross profit 
2281

2143

6%

594%

622%

(28pp)

Gross margin
Segmental operating profit 
673

678

(1%)

175%

Segmental operating margin 
197%

(21pp)

Change 
Change
(currencyneutral)

 

09   /   Retail net sales by region  (€ in millions)
2014

Western Europe
European Emerging Markets 
2013

673

545

23%

23%

1284

1297

(1%)

18%

North America 
732

639

15%

15%

Greater China 
270

216

25%

26%

Other Asian Markets 
463

406

14%

19%

Latin America 
419

344

22%

39%

3842

3446

11%

21%

Total 1)
1) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Table 08
see Glossary,  p.  258

see Table 08

139
14

Retail gross profit rose 6% to € 2281 billion from € 2143 billion in 2013.  Gross margin in the Retail
segment decreased 28 percentage points to 594% from 622% in 2013.  The positive effect from a
more favourable product mix was more than offset by a less favourable pricing mix.  In particular,  the
devaluation of the Russian rouble versus the euro and the US dollar was a major headwind in 2014. 
By brand,  the adidas retail gross margin was down 28 percentage points to 603% (2013: 631%)while Reebok's retail gross margin decreased 33 percentage points to 541% (2013: 574%). 

see Glossary,  p.  258

20

In 2014,  Retail revenues increased 21% on a currency-neutral basis as a result of double-digit sales
growth at both adidas and Reebok.  Concept stores,  factory outlets and concession corners were all
up at double-digit rates versus the prior year.  eCommerce grew 72% on a currency-neutral basis. 
Currency translation effects negatively impacted segmental revenues in euro terms.  Sales grew
11% to € 3842 billion from € 3446 billion in the prior year.  Currency-neutral comparable store
sales increased 9% versus the prior year,  as a result of sales growth across all store formats as
well as all regions. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Business Performance by Segment   /  Retail Business Performance 
/ 033 
/

Segmental operating profit decreased 1% to € 673 million in 2014 versus € 678 million in the prior
year.  Segmental operating margin declined 21 percentage points to 175% (2013: 197%),  as the
positive effects of lower segmental operating expenses as a percentage of sales were more than
offset by the decline in gross margin. 

see Table 08

Retail development by region
Currency-neutral Retail sales increased at a double-digit rate in all regions.  Retail revenues in
Western Europe grew 23% on a currency-neutral basis,  mainly due to double-digit sales increases in
the UK,  France,  Germany and Spain.  Sales in European Emerging Markets rose 18% on a currencyneutral basis,  as a result of double-digit growth in all markets.  Currency-neutral Retail sales in
North America grew 15%,  due to double-digit growth in both the USA and Canada.  Retail revenues
in Greater China increased 26% on a currency-neutral basis.  Sales in Other Asian Markets grew
19% on a currency-neutral basis,  driven by double-digit growth in Japan and South Korea.  In Latin
America,  currency-neutral Retail sales grew 39%,  with double-digit sales increases in all marketsin particular in Argentina,  Colombia and Brazil.  Currency translation effects had a mixed impact on
regional sales in euro terms. 

Retail development by brand 
20

14

140

In 2014,  adidas Group Retail sales increased at a double-digit rate at both adidas and Reebok. 
Currency-neutral adidas Sport Performance revenues grew 22% in the period,  mainly due to doubledigit growth in the football,  training and running categories.  adidas Originals & Sport Style sales
also rose 22% on a currency-neutral basis,  driven by double-digit sales increases at both adidas
Originals and adidas NEO.  Currency-neutral Reebok sales were 14% higher compared to the prior
year,  driven by double-digit growth in the fitness training and Classics categories.  Comparable store
sales for the adidas brand increased 10% on a currency-neutral basis,  while Reebok comparable
store sales grew 1% on a currency-neutral basis.  Currency translation effects had a negative
impact on revenues in euro terms.  adidas Sport Performance own-retail sales increased 13% to
€ 2112 billion in 2014 from € 1875 billion in 2013.  adidas Originals & Sport Style own-retail sales
were also up 13% to € 1153 billion from € 1020 billion in 2013.  Own-retail sales of Reebok branded
products grew 5% to € 578 million (2013: € 549 million). 

Retail store development
At December 31,  2014,  the adidas Group Retail segment operated 2913 stores compared to the
prior year-end level of 2740.  This represents a net increase of 173 stores.  Of the total number of
stores,  1616 were adidas and 446 were Reebok branded (December 31,  2013: 1557 adidas stores404 Reebok stores).  In addition,  the adidas Group Retail segment operated 851 factory outlets
(December 31,  2013: 779).  During 2014,  the Group opened 409 new stores,  236 stores were closed
and 145 stores were remodelled. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Table 09

Group Management Report Financial Review
Business Performance by Segment   /  Retail Business Performance 
/ 033 
/

Retail development by store format
Concept store revenues include sales from adidas and Reebok concept stores.  In 2014,  concept
store revenues grew 20% on a currency-neutral basis,  as a result of double-digit increases at both
adidas and Reebok.  Currency-neutral comparable concept store sales were up 12%.  In 2014,  the
Group opened 251 new concept stores,  166 concept stores were closed.  As a result,  the number of
concept stores increased by 85 to 1746 at the end of 2014 (December 31,  2013: 1661),  of which 1409
were related to the adidas brand and 337 to the Reebok brand.  Currency translation effects had a
negative impact on sales in euro terms.  Concept store sales increased 7% to € 1686 billion in 2014
from € 1573 billion in 2013. 
Factory outlet revenues include sales from adidas and Reebok factory outlets.  In 2014,  factory outlet
revenues grew 13% on a currency-neutral basis.  Sales increased at a double-digit rate at adidaswhile Reebok sales grew at a low-single-digit rate.  Comparable factory outlet sales increased 5%
on a currency-neutral basis.  In 2014,  the Group opened 126 and closed 54 factory outlets.  As a
result,  the number of factory outlets increased by 72 to 851 at the end of 2014 (December 312013: 779).  Currency translation effects had a negative impact on sales in euro terms.  Factory
outlet sales increased 6% to € 1602 billion in 2014 from € 1507 billion in 2013. 

see Table 16

see Table 16

Concession corner revenues include adidas and Reebok concession corners.  In 2014,  sales from
concession corners increased 17% on a currency-neutral basis.  While adidas sales grew at a doubledigit rate,  revenues at Reebok increased at a mid-single-digit rate.  Currency-neutral comparable
sales from concession corners grew 13%.  In 2014,  the Group opened 32 concession corners and 
20

14

141

10   /   Retail net sales by region 




2014


3





 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	

11   /   Retail net sales by store format 
33%	
19%	
18%	
12%	
11%	
7%	

European Emerging Markets
North America
Western Europe
Other Asian Markets
Latin America
Greater China 






2014



 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	

44%	 Concept stores
42%	 Factory outlets
11%	eCommerce
3%	 Concession corners 
 

 

12   /   Retail net sales by quarter  (€ in millions)

13   /   Retail gross margin by quarter  (in %)

Q4 2014
Q4 2013

1043
934

Q4 2014
Q4 2013

592
610

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

1047
923

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

581
615

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

958
867

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

605
654

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

794
722

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

599
607

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Business Performance by Segment   /  Retail Business Performance 
/ 033 
/

14   /  
Retail segmental operating profit by quarter 
(€ in millions)
Q4 2014
Q4 2013

181
166

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

207
195

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

180
216

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

105
101

closed 16.  As a result,  the number of concession corners increased by 16 to 316 at the end of 2014
(December 31,  2013: 300),  of which 207 were related to the adidas brand and 109 to the Reebok
brand.  Currency translation effects had a negative impact on sales in euro terms.  Concession corner
sales increased 15% to € 133 million in 2014 (2013: € 115 million). 
eCommerce revenues include e-commerce operations of the adidas and Reebok brands.  In 2014sales from adidas and Reebok e-commerce platforms were up 72% on a currency-neutral basis. 
Sales increased at strong double-digit rates at both adidas and Reebok.  Currency translation effects
had a negative impact on sales in euro terms.  eCommerce revenues grew 69% to € 422 million from
€ 250 million in 2013. 

20

14

142

15   /   Retail number of stores by store format   
2014

2013

Concept stores 
1746

1661

Factory outlets 
851

779

Concession
corners 
316

300

2913

Total 
2740

 2014   2013

16   /   Retail number of stores development
Total 
2013

Concept
stores 
Factory
outlets 
Concession
corners 
300

2740

1661

779

Opened 
409

251

126

32

Closed 
236

166

54

16

Opened (net)
2014

173

85

72

16

2913

1746

851

316

 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Table 16

Group Management Report Financial Review
Business Performance by Segment   /  Other Businesses Performance 
/ 033 
/

Other Businesses Performance
Other Businesses full year results
In 2014,  revenues of Other Businesses decreased 19% on a currency-neutral basis,  due to doubledigit sales declines at TaylorMade-adidas Golf.  Sales at Reebok-CCM Hockey grew at a high-singledigit rate,  and revenues of Other Centrally Managed Brands increased at a double-digit rate. 
Currency translation effects negatively impacted revenues in euro terms.  Sales of Other Businesses
declined 21% to € 1316 billion (2013: € 1657 billion). 
Other Businesses gross profit was down 31% to € 457 million in 2014 versus € 660 million in 2013. 
Gross margin decreased 51 percentage points to 347% (2013: 398%).  This development was mainly
due to significantly lower product margins at TaylorMade-adidas Golf as a result of ongoing efforts
to clean retail inventories,  particularly in the USA,  as well as the strategic decision to postpone
product launches planned for 2014. 

see Table 17

see Table 17	

Segmental operating expenses in Other Businesses primarily relate to expenditure for sales force
and administration as well as sales working budget expenses for TaylorMade-adidas Golf and
Reebok-CCM Hockey.  In 2014,  segmental operating expenses decreased 1% to € 203 million from
€ 205 million in 2013 despite restructuring charges for the streamlining of the TaylorMade-adidas
Golf organisation.  Segmental operating expenses as a percentage of sales increased 30 percentage
points to 154% (2013: 124%). 

20

14

143
17   /   Other Businesses at a glance 1)  (€ in millions)
2014

1316

(31%)

398%

(51pp)

254

455

(44%)

193%

Segmental operating margin 
(21%)

660

347%

Gross margin
Segmental operating profit 
1657

457

Net sales
Gross profit 
2013

Change 
274%

(81pp)

Change 
Change
(currencyneutral)

(5%)

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the Rockport business. 

18   /   Other Businesses net sales by region 1)  (€ in millions)
2014

Western Europe
European Emerging Markets
North America
Greater China
Other Asian Markets
Latin America
Total 2)

2013

282

291

(3%)

23

24

(5%)

7%

755

931

(19%)

(18%)

25

36

(32%)

(31%)

221

361

(39%)

(35%)

10

14

(31%)

(20%)

1316

1657

(21%)

(19%)

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the Rockport business. 
2) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Business Performance by Segment   /  Other Businesses Performance 
/ 033 
/

Segmental operating profit decreased 44% to € 254 million in 2014 versus € 455 million in the
prior year.  Segmental operating margin was down 81 percentage points to 193% from 274% in
2013.  This was a result of the gross margin decrease as well as the negative impact from higher
segmental operating expenses as a percentage of sales. 

see Table 17

Other Businesses development by region
In 2014,  currency-neutral sales of Other Businesses decreased in most regions.  Revenues in
Western Europe were down 5% on a currency-neutral basis due to double-digit sales declines at
TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  which more than offset double-digit sales increases at Other Centrally
Managed Brands.  Revenues at Reebok-CCM Hockey decreased at a low-single-digit rate.  Sales
in European Emerging Markets increased 7% on a currency-neutral basis.  Strong double-digit
sales growth at Reebok-CCM Hockey was partly offset by sales declines at TaylorMade-adidas
Golf.  Currency-neutral sales in North America were down 18%,  due to double-digit decreases at
TaylorMade-adidas Golf.  Revenues at Reebok-CCM Hockey increased at a high-single-digit ratewhile sales at Other Centrally Managed Brands grew at a double-digit rate.  Revenues in Greater
China,  Other Asian Markets and Latin America decreased 31%,  35% and 20%,  respectively,  due to
double-digit sales decreases at TaylorMade-adidas Golf.  Currency translation effects had a mixed
impact on regional sales in euro terms. 

see Table 18

Other Businesses development by segment 
20

14

144

In 2014,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf revenues decreased 28% on a currency-neutral basis.  The
pronounced decrease is due to TaylorMade-adidas Golf's strategic decision to clean retail
inventories in the golf market and postpone product launches planned for 2014.  This resulted in
double-digit sales declines in metalwoods and irons in 2014.  Currency translation effects negatively
impacted TaylorMade-adidas Golf sales in euro terms.  Revenues decreased 29% to € 913 million
from € 1285 billion in the prior year. 

19   /   Other Businesses net sales by region 1)

456


2014




 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	
 /	

57%	
21%	
17%	
2%	
2%	
1%	

20   /   Other Businesses net sales by segment 1)

North America
Western Europe
Other Asian Markets
European Emerging Markets
Greater China
Latin America 
1)  igures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 


2

 /	
 /	
 /	

2014


69%	 TaylorMade-adidas Golf
20%	 Reebok-CCM Hockey
10%	
Other Centrally Managed
Brands 
1)  igures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Business Performance by Segment   /  Other Businesses Performance 
/ 033 
/

Currency-neutral Reebok-CCM Hockey sales were up 7%.  This increase is mainly due to growth
in key categories such as sticks and protective equipment as well as in hockey apparel.  Currency
translation effects negatively impacted sales in euro terms.  Reebok-CCM Hockey revenues
increased 4% to € 269 million in 2014 from € 260 million in 2013. 
Other Centrally Managed Brands revenues increased 19% on a currency-neutral basis,  driven by
double-digit growth at Y-3,  Five Ten and Porsche Design Sport by adidas.  Currency translation
effects had a negative impact on sales in euro terms.  Revenues in Other Centrally Managed Brands
also increased 19% to € 134 million in 2014 (2013: € 112 million). 

21   /  
Other Businesses net sales by quarter 1) 

22   /  
Other Businesses gross margin by quarter 1) 

(€ in millions)

(in %)
350
405

Q4 2014
Q4 2013

312
375

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

280
332

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

327
324

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

357
433

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

369
423

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

329
487

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

379
446

1)  igures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 

145
20

1)  igures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 

14

Q4 2014
Q4 2013

23   /  
Other Businesses segmental operating profit 
by quarter 1)  (€ in millions)
Q4 2014
Q4 2013

62
107

Q3 2014
Q3 2013

42
56

Q2 2014
Q2 2013

79
127

Q1 2014
Q1 2013

71
165

1)  igures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the

Rockport business. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 


Group Management Report Financial Review
Subsequent Events and Outlook 
/ 034 
/

Subsequent Events and Outlook
In 2015,  despite a high degree of economic uncertainty in Russia/CIS and the Middle Eastwe expect global economic growth to increase.  This will be supported by a more favourable
labour market development as well as low financing and energy costs,  which are forecasted
to positively impact consumer spending,  providing a positive backdrop for the continued
growth and expansion of the sporting goods industry.  Through the extensive pipeline of
new and innovative products at all brands and the positive effects from increased brandbuilding activities,  tight control of inventory levels and strict cost management,  we project
top- and bottom-line improvements in our Group's financial results in 2015.  We forecast
adidas Group sales to increase at a mid-single-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis,  with
growth expected at all brands.  Given the recent strengthening of major currencies versus
the euro,  most notably the US dollar and the Chinese renminbi,  currency translation is
expected to have a positive impact on our top-line development in reported terms.  Group
gross margin is expected to be significantly impacted by adverse currency movements
and is forecasted to be at a level between 475% and 485%.  Group operating margin is
expected to be at a level between 65% and 70%.  As a result,  we project net income from
continuing operations to increase at a rate of 7% to 10%. 

Subsequent Events 
20

14

146

Divestiture of Rockport segment
On January 23,  2015,  the adidas Group announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement
to sell its Rockport business for a total consideration of up to US $ 280 million,  most of which will
be paid in cash with the remainder comprised of notes.  With this divestiture,  the Group aims to
better focus on core activities.  The transaction,  which is subject to customary closing conditions,  is
expected to be completed later in 2015. 

see Note 04,  p.  207
see Note 11,  p.  209

Outlook
Forward-looking statements
This Management Report contains forward-looking statements that reflect Management's current
view with respect to the future development of the adidas Group.  The outlook is based on estimates
that we have made on the basis of all the information available to us at this point in time.  In
addition,  such forward-looking statements are subject to uncertainties as described in the Risk
and Opportunity Report,  which are beyond the control of the adidas Group.  In case the underlying
assumptions turn out to be incorrect or described risks or opportunities materialise,  actual results
and developments may materially deviate (negatively or positively) from those expressed by such
statements.  The adidas Group does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements made in this Management Report beyond statutory disclosure obligations. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  154

Group Management Report Financial Review
Subsequent Events and Outlook 
/ 034 
/

Global economy to grow in 2015 1)
Global GDP growth is projected to increase moderately to 30% in 2015.  At 22%,  developed economies
are expected to grow slightly faster than last year,  supported by improving labour markets and
low financing costs.  Growth in developing countries should benefit from the strengthened recovery
in high-income markets and accelerate somewhat in 2015.  Oil prices are foreseen to remain
low,  encouraging global growth and resulting in more divergent outlooks for oil-exporting and
oil-importing countries. 
In Western Europe,  external demand is likely to improve slightly,  and consumer spending is
expected to remain resilient as a result of stronger real wages from declining oil prices.  Financial
fragmentation as well as high unemployment and unresolved fiscal challenges in some countries
are forecasted to dampen the recovery.  As a result,  the region's GDP is expected to expand at
around the same rate as in the previous year (2014: 13%).  In Germany,  private consumer demand
will prevail as the major driver of growth,  which is however projected to be held back by subdued
investment spending. 
European emerging markets are expected to grow at a moderate pace of 15% in 2015,  as persistent
political tensions and uncertainty will slow down investment spending,  while further currency
devaluations,  high inflationary pressures and low real wages will impact private household demand. 
Such a high-risk scenario would particularly affect Russia's economy,  which is forecasted to
contract 30% this year. 

147
20

14

In the USA,  private consumption is projected to remain the major source of growth supported by
declining energy prices.  While the strong US dollar will dampen export activity,  investment spending
is expected to increase.  As a result,  the US economy is forecasted to grow 32% in 2015. 
Asia's GDP is projected to increase 42% in 2015.  With the exception of Japan,  growth is expected
to remain relatively high during the year,  supported by healthy industrial activity,  manageable
inflationary pressures and significant wage increases.  China should remain the fastest-growing
economy,  forecasted to expand 73%,  with external demand picking up and private consumption
remaining stable.  While Japan is predicted to continue to grow at subdued levels,  modestly profiting
from low oil prices,  India is expected to drive growth through private domestic demand and
strengthened investment. 
In Latin America,  GDP growth is expected to increase somewhat to 12% in 2015,  with exports and
investment supporting expansion.  Positive performance in several countries will offset the slow
recovery of the largest economies,  e.g.  Brazil and Argentina,  where currency fluctuations and the
unfavourable job market conditions with its negative implications for household consumption will
drive the forecasted decline in economic activity. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
1) Sources: World Bank,  HSBC Global Research. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Subsequent Events and Outlook 
/ 034 
/

Sporting goods industry expansion to continue in 2015
In the absence of any major economic shocks,  we expect the global sporting goods industry to grow
at a low- to mid-single-digit rate in 2015,  in spite of the non-recurrence of major sporting events that
took place in 2014,  such as the FIFA World Cup in Brazil and the Winter Olympic Games in Russia. 
Consumer spending on sporting goods in the emerging economies is expected to grow faster than
in the more developed markets.  Many sporting goods retailers will continue to move to a more
omni-channel business model,  and e-commerce and investment in digital will remain growth areas. 
In Western Europe,  the expected growth of consumer confidence and real wages should positively
impact domestic demand in the sporting goods industry,  in contrast to the European emerging
markets,  where the projected decline in real wages from lower oil prices and the geopolitical
tensions in Russia and Ukraine provide additional potential risk of depressing sentiment and
economic activity,  which might negatively impact private consumption and growth in the sporting
goods industry. 
In the USA,  industry growth rates are expected to be ahead of the economy's overall growth. 
E-commerce channels are forecasted to remain strong,  particularly via mobile.  The trend towards
high-performance technical footwear and apparel looks set to continue.  Retro silhouettes are
projected to remain strong across a variety of categories,  including basketball and tennis.  The US
golf market is expected to face continuing structural challenges. 

20

14

148

In Greater China,  strong wage growth and domestic consumption are predicted to propel sporting
goods sales in 2015.  The trend and market share shift towards international brands is expected
to continue.  In Japan,  the government's stimulus programmes are forecasted to drive modest
improvements in consumer sentiment and spending,  despite subdued real wages.  Most of the other
Asian markets,  especially India,  are projected to see robust sporting goods sales growth in 2015. 
In Latin America,  after a year of healthy growth owing to the importance of football in this region
and the sales momentum gained from the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil,  headwinds from high
inflation,  unfavourable labour market conditions and adverse currency fluctuations are expected to
have negative implications for household consumption in the region's largest economies,  e.g.  Brazil
and Argentina,  also slowing down growth in the sporting goods industry. 

01   /   adidas Group 2015 outlook 1)
Currency-neutral sales development (in %):

mid-single-digit rate increase 
Gross margin 
475% to 485%

Operating margin 
65% to 70%

Net income from continuing operations 
increase at a rate of 7% to 10%

Average operating working capital in % of sales 
moderate decline 
Capital expenditure 
around € 600 million 
Store base 
net decrease by around 70 stores 
Gross borrowings 
moderate decline 
1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the Rockport business. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Subsequent Events and Outlook 
/ 034 
/

adidas Group currency-neutral sales to increase at a mid-single-digit rate in 2015
We expect adidas Group sales to increase at a mid-single-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis in
2015.  Despite a high degree of uncertainty regarding the economic outlook and consumer spending
in Russia/CIS,  the positive sales development will be supported by rising consumer confidence in
most geographical areas.  In particular,  Group sales development will be favourably impacted by a
significantly improved top-line development at TaylorMade-adidas Golf as well as ongoing robust
momentum at both adidas and Reebok.  This,  as well as the further expansion and improvement of
our controlled space initiatives,  will more than offset the non-recurrence of sales related to the 2014
FIFA World Cup.  Currency translation is expected to positively impact our top-line development in
reported terms,  given the recent strengthening of major currencies such as the US dollar and the
Chinese renminbi versus the euro. 

Currency-neutral combined sales of adidas and Reebok expected to increase
in most geographical areas 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

149
20

In 2015,  we expect currency-neutral combined revenues of adidas and Reebok to increase in all
our geographical areas except Russia/CIS.  In Western Europe,  despite the non-recurrence of the
2014 FIFA World Cup,  which provided a positive stimulus in the region during the year,  the gradual
improvement in the macroeconomic environment as well as the build-up to the UEFA EURO 2016
towards the end of the year will positively impact sales development in this region.  As a resultwe forecast currency-neutral combined sales of adidas and Reebok in Western Europe to grow
at a mid-single-digit rate,  with both brands contributing to the sales increase.  In North Americacurrency-neutral combined sales of adidas and Reebok are projected to grow at a low- to mid-singledigit rate.  We expect robust top-line improvements at adidas,  as the brand will strengthen its
visibility in the marketplace by stepping up marketing investments as well as improving the overall
product offering in major categories such as running,  basketball and Originals.  Currency-neutral
Reebok sales are projected to be below the prior year level as a result of Reebok's efforts to further
streamline the brand's factory outlet business in North America.  In Greater China,  currency-neutral
combined sales of adidas and Reebok are forecasted to increase at a high-single-digit rate,  as we
expect the strong sales momentum to continue in 2015,  with both brands contributing to the increase. 
This development will be supported by further expanding and solidifying our distribution footprint in
the market.  In Russia/CIS,  the low level of consumer confidence and consumer spending will weigh
on the overall sales development in the region and the adidas brand in particular.  In addition,  sales
performance will be negatively impacted by a reduction of the store base in the market.  As a resultcurrency-neutral combined sales of adidas and Reebok in Russia/CIS are expected to decline.  In
Latin America,  the robust positioning of the adidas and Reebok brands is expected to more than
compensate for the non-recurrence of the positive impetus from sales associated with the 2014
FIFA World Cup.  As a result,  we project currency-neutral combined sales of adidas and Reebok in
Latin America to increase at a low- to mid-single-digit rate,  with both brands contributing to this
development.  In Japan,  last year's increase in the consumption tax rate continues to dampen growth
prospects in the region.  Consequently,  currency-neutral combined sales of adidas and Reebok are
forecasted to grow at a low-single-digit rate,  with sales at both brands projected to be above the prior
year level.  Lastly,  in the region Middle East,  Africa and other Asian markets,  we expect currencyneutral combined sales of adidas and Reebok to grow at a high-single-digit rate,  driven by markets
such as South Korea and Southeast Asia,  where both adidas and Reebok enjoy strong momentum. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Subsequent Events and Outlook 
/ 034 
/

Currency-neutral Wholesale revenues to grow at a mid-single-digit rate
We project currency-neutral Wholesale revenues to increase at a mid-single-digit rate compared
to the prior year,  with sales increases at both adidas and Reebok.  Our growth expectations are
supported by our order backlog development as well as positive retailer and trade show feedback. 
adidas Group currency-neutral Retail sales are projected to be around the prior year level.  While
comparable store sales are expected to remain stable compared to the prior year,  the Group
expects a net decrease of its store base of around 70 adidas and Reebok stores in 2015.  We plan to
open around 220 new stores,  depending on the availability of desired locations.  Approximately 290
stores will be closed over the course of the year,  primarily in Russia/CIS.  Around 100 stores will be
remodelled. 

Currency-neutral sales of Other Businesses to grow at a double-digit rate
In 2015,  revenues of Other Businesses are expected to increase at a double-digit rate on a currencyneutral basis,  driven by double-digit currency-neutral sales increases at TaylorMade-adidas Golf. 
After a year characterised by high inventory levels and discounting activities,  TaylorMade-adidas
Golf will see major product launches in core categories such as metalwoods and irons throughout
the year.  In addition,  new product introductions in footwear should support growth at TaylorMadeadidas Golf.  Currency-neutral sales at Reebok-CCM Hockey are expected to grow at a mid-singledigit rate,  supported by new product introductions in the key categories skates and protective
equipment. 

Group gross margin expected to be negatively impacted by currency movements 
20

14

150

In 2015,  the adidas Group gross margin is forecasted to be at a level between 475% and 485% (2014:
476%).  Higher product margins at TaylorMade-adidas Golf as a result of lower levels of clearance
activity as well as a more favourable pricing and product mix at both adidas and Reebok are
expected to positively influence the Group's gross margin development.  However,  adverse currency
movements in emerging markets,  in particular in Russia/CIS,  are expected to negatively impact
the Group's gross margin development.  The wider than usual target corridor reflects the currently
persisting high degree of uncertainty regarding future currency movements. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Subsequent Events and Outlook 
/ 034 
/

Group other operating expenses as a percentage of sales around prior year level
In 2015,  the Group's other operating expenses as a percentage of sales are expected to be around
the prior year level (2014: 427%).  Sales and marketing working budget as a percentage of sales
is projected to increase versus the prior year.  Given the robust momentum at adidas and Reebokwe will step up marketing and point-of-sale investments in 2015 to secure and drive faster growth
rates and market share gains,  particularly in developed markets such as North America and
Western Europe.  As part of these marketing efforts,  both adidas and Reebok launched major brand
campaigns at the beginning of the year.  Operating overhead expenditure as a percentage of sales is
forecasted to be around the level recorded in 2014. 
We expect the number of employees within the adidas Group to increase versus the prior year level. 
The adidas Group will continue to spend around 1% of Group sales on research and development
in 2015.  Areas of particular focus include cushioning and energy solutions,  lightweight and digital
sports technologies as well as sustainable product innovation.  Additionally,  investments and
research emphasis will also include areas such as new manufacturing processes and advanced
materials to drive the development of innovative products and industry-changing manufacturing
approaches. 

see Research and Development,  p.  73

Operating margin to be between 65% and 70%

151

Net income from continuing operations to increase at a rate of 7% to 10%
Net income from continuing operations is projected to increase at a rate of 7% to 10%,  thus
outpacing the Group's expected top-line development (2014: net income from continuing operations
of € 642 million).  Interest rate expenses in 2015 are forecasted to remain at the prior year level,  as
the positive effects from lower interest rates as a result of the issuance of two Eurobonds will be
offset by higher debt levels.  Net foreign exchange losses in the financial result are also expected to
be at a similar level compared to the prior year.  The Group's tax rate is expected to be at a level of
around 295% and thus more favourable compared to the 2014 effective tax rate excluding goodwill
impairment losses of 297%. 

Average operating working capital as a percentage of sales to decrease
moderately
In 2015,  average operating working capital as a percentage of sales is expected to decrease
moderately compared to the prior year level (2014: 224%).  This is mainly due to working capital
improvements we expect to achieve as we move through the year. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
20

14

In 2015,  we expect the operating margin for the adidas Group to be at a level between 65% and 70%
(2014 excluding goodwill impairment losses: 66%).  This development will be strongly influenced by
currency movements. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Subsequent Events and Outlook 
/ 034 
/

Capital expenditure of around € 600 million
In 2015,  capital expenditure is expected to increase to a level of around € 600 million (2014:
€ 554 million).  Investments will mainly focus on adidas and Reebok controlled space initiatives in
emerging markets as well as in Western Europe and North America.  These investments will account
for the majority of total capital expenditure in 2015.  Other areas of investment include the Group's
logistics infrastructure as well as the further development of the adidas Group headquarters in
Herzogenaurach.  All investments within the adidas Group in 2015 are expected to be fully financed
through cash generated from operating activities. 

Excess cash to be used to support growth initiatives
In 2015,  we expect continued positive cash flow from operating activities.  Cash will be used to
finance working capital needs,  investment activities,  dividend payments as well as the Group's
share buyback programme.  We intend to largely use excess cash to invest in our growth activities,  in
particular the further expansion and improvement of our controlled space initiatives.  In 2015,  gross
borrowings of € 288 million will mature.  In order to ensure long-term flexibility,  we aim to maintain
 ratio of net borrowings over EBITDA of less than two times as measured at year-end (2014: 01). 

Efficient liquidity management in place for 2015 and beyond 
20

14

152

Efficient liquidity management remains a priority for the adidas Group in 2015.  We focus on
continuously anticipating the operating cash flows of our Group segments,  as this represents the
main source of liquidity within the Group.  Liquidity is planned on a rolling monthly basis under a
multi-year financial and liquidity plan.  Long-term liquidity is ensured by continued positive operating
cash flows and sufficient financial flexibility through unused credit facilities. 

Management to propose dividend of € 150
The adidas AG Executive and Supervisory Boards intend to again recommend paying a dividend of
€ 150 to shareholders at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) on May 7,  2015 (2013: € 150).  This
reflects their confidence in the strength of the Group's financial position and long-term aspirations. 
Subject to shareholder approval,  the dividend will be paid on May 8,  2015.  Based on the number of
shares outstanding at the end of 2014,  the total payout of € 306 million (2013: € 314 million) reflects
 payout ratio of 539% of net income attributable to shareholders,  excluding goodwill impairment
losses,  versus 374% in the prior year.  While this is above the Group's dividend payout corridor of
between 20% and 40% of net income attributable to shareholders,  it reflects our commitment to a
consistent,  shareholder-oriented dividend policy. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Treasury,  p.  121

Group Management Report Financial Review
Subsequent Events and Outlook 
/ 034 
/

03   /   Major 2015 product launches 	
Brand 
adidas 
Newly designed Predator Nitrocharge and 11 Pro football boots 
adidas 
New F50 Messi football boot 
adidas 
Ultra Boost running shoe 
adidas 
Supernova Glide 7 running shoe 
adidas 
Springblade problade running shoe 
adidas 
ClimaHeat Rocket Boost running shoe 
adidas 
 Wall 2 basketball shoe 
adidas 
 Rose 773 IV basketball shoe 
adidas 
 Lillard basketball shoe 
adidas 
Crazylight Boost prime basketball shoe 
adidas 
adidas x Marvel Avengers collection 
adidas 
ClimaChill training collection 
adidas 
Manchester United licensed products 
adidas 
Terrex Agravic outdoor line 
adidas 
Terrex Boost outdoor shoe 
adidas 
Originals Superstar shoe 
adidas 
Originals ZX Flux shoe 
adidas 
Originals Tubular shoe 
adidas 
Originals Stan Smith shoe 
adidas 
Originals x Rita Ora line 
adidas 
ZPump Fusion TR running shoe 
Reebok 
Nano 50 training shoe 
Reebok 
UFC uniform collection 
Reebok 
Skyscape Runaround 20 shoe 
Reebok 
Ventilator OG shoe 
Reebok 
Ventilator Reflective shoe 
Reebok 
R15 driver 
TaylorMade 
Aeroburner metalwood 
TaylorMade 
Aeroburner fairway woods 
TaylorMade 
adipower sport Boost golf shoe 
adidas Golf 
Red hybrid 
Adams Golf 
R-Series sticks 
Reebok Hockey 
Tacks protective and gloves 
CCM

RibCor skates 
CCM

Ultra Tacks sticks 
CCM

JetSpeed skates 
CCM

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
153
14

 totally new F50 football boot 
20

Product 


Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report 
/ 035 
/

Risk and Opportunity Report
The adidas Group continuously explores and develops opportunities to sustain earnings
and drive long-term increases in shareholder value.  We acknowledge that in our daily
business we are exposed to various risks and that it is necessary to take certain risks
in order to be competitive and ensure sustainable success.  Our risk and opportunity
management principles and system provide the framework for our Group to conduct
business in a well-controlled environment. 

Risk and opportunity management principles
We define risk as the potential occurrence of an external or internal event (or series of events)
that may negatively impact our ability to achieve the Group's business objectives or financial goals. 
Opportunity is defined as the potential occurrence of an external or internal event (or series of events)
that can positively impact the Group's ability to achieve its business objectives or financial goals.  We
have summarised risks in four main categories: Strategic,  Operational,  Legal & Compliance and
Financial.  Opportunities are classified in two main categories: Strategic & Operational and Financial. 

Risk and opportunity management system 
20

14

154

The adidas AG Executive Board has the overall responsibility to operate an effective risk and
opportunity management system that ensures comprehensive and consistent management
of all material risks and opportunities.  The Group Risk Management department coordinates
the execution and further development of the adidas Group's risk and opportunity management
system and is the owner of the centrally managed risk and opportunity management process on
behalf of the adidas AG Executive Board.  The adidas AG Supervisory Board has the responsibility
to monitor the effectiveness of the Group's risk management system.  These duties are undertaken
by the Supervisory Board's Audit Committee.  In addition,  the Group Internal Audit department also
includes an assessment of the effectiveness of risk management processes and compliance with
the Group Risk Management Policy as part of its regular auditing activities with selected adidas
Group subsidiaries or functions each year. 
To facilitate effective risk and opportunity management,  we implemented an integrated risk and
opportunity management system,  which is based on the integrated frameworks for enterprise
risk management and internal controls developed and published by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  Additionally,  it has been adapted to more
appropriately reflect the structure as well as company and management culture of the adidas
Group.  This system focuses on the identification,  evaluation,  handling,  monitoring and reporting
of risks and opportunities.  The key objective of the risk and opportunity management system is
to protect and further grow shareholder value through an opportunity-focused but risk-aware
decision-making framework.  Our Group Risk Management Policy,  which is available on our intranetoutlines the principles,  processes,  tools,  risk areas,  key responsibilities,  reporting requirements
and communication timelines within our Group. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report 
/ 035 
/

Risk and opportunity management is a Group-wide activity which utilises critical day-to-day
management insight from both global and local business units and functions.  Our risk and
opportunity management process contains the following components:

/  Risk and opportunity identification: The adidas Group continuously monitors the macroeconomic
environment,  developments in the sporting goods industry,  as well as internal processes,  to identify
risks and opportunities as early as possible.  Our Group-wide network of Risk Owners (i, e.  all direct
reports to the adidas AG Executive Board,  including the Managing Directors of all our markets)
ensures effective identification of risks and opportunities.  The Group Risk Management department
has defined a catalogue of potential risk areas (Risk Universe) to assist Risk Owners in identifying
and categorising risks and opportunities. 

155
20

14

The Risk Owners use various instruments in the risk and opportunity identification process,  such
as primary qualitative and quantitative research including trend scouting,  consumer surveys as well
as feedback from our business partners and controlled space network.  These efforts are supported
by global market research and competitor analysis.  Through this process,  we seek to identify the
markets,  categories,  consumer target groups and product styles which show most potential for
future growth at a local and global level.  Equally,  our analysis focuses on those areas that are at risk
of saturation or exposed to increased competition or changing consumer tastes.  However,  our risk
and opportunity identification process is not only limited to external risk factors or opportunities;
it also includes an internal perspective that considers processes,  projects,  human resources and
compliance aspects. 

01   /   adidas Group risk and opportunity management system 

Supervisory and Executive Boards 
Group Risk Management 
Risk Management Policy & Methodology/Support 
Monitoring & Reporting 
Handling 
Risk Owners 
Identification 
Evaluation 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report 
/ 035 
/

/  Risk and opportunity evaluation: In order to manage risks and opportunities in an effective waywe evaluate identified risks and opportunities individually according to a systematic evaluation
methodology,  which is applied consistently and allows adequate prioritisation as well as allocation
of resources.  Risk and opportunity evaluation is also part of the Risk Owners' responsibility.  The
Group Risk Management department supports and guides the Risk Owners in the evaluation
process.  According to our risk and opportunity management methodology,  risks and opportunities
are evaluated by looking at two dimensions: the potential (financial) impact and the likelihood that
this impact materialises,  both considering the upcoming twelve-month period.  This,  howeverdoes not mean that the respective Risk Owners are only looking at risks from a short-term
perspective.  Their assessment also includes a mid-term (12 to 24 months) and long-term (beyond
24 months) perspective.  The potential impact is evaluated by utilising five categories: marginalminor,  moderate,  significant and major.  These categories represent quantitative or equivalent
qualitative measurements.  The quantitative measurements are based on the potential financial
effect on the relevant income statement metrics (operating profit,  financial result or tax expenses). 
Qualitative measurements used are,  for example,  the degree of media exposure or additional senior
management attention needed.  Likelihood represents the possibility that a given risk or opportunity
may materialise with the specific impact.  The likelihood of individual risks and opportunities is
evaluated on a percentage scale divided into five categories: unlikely,  possible,  likely,  probable and
highly probable. 

156

see Table 02

20

14

02   /   Corporate risk evaluation categories
Highly probable
Probable 
50% – 85%

Likely 
30% – 50%

Possible 
15% – 30%

Unlikely 
Likelihood 
Material risks 
> 85%

< 15 %
Marginal 
Qualitative
equivalent 
Moderate 
Significant 
Major 
≤ € 1 million 
Financial
equivalent 1)

Minor
€ 1 million – 
€ 10 million 
€ 10 million – 
€ 50 million 
€ 50 million – 
€ 100 million 
≥ € 100 million 
Almost no media
coverage 
Limited local media
coverage 
Local and limited
national media coverage 
National and limited
international media
coverage 
Extensive international
media coverage 
Almost no senior
management attention 
Less than 5% additional
senior management
attention 
5 – 10% additional senior
management attention 
10 – 20% additional
senior management
attention 
Over 20% additional
senior management
attention 
Potential impact
1) Based on operating profit,  financial result or tax expenses. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report 
/ 035 
/

When assessing risks,  we consider two perspectives: the gross risk and the net risk.  While the gross
risk reflects the inherent ('worst-case') risk before any mitigating action,  the net risk reflects the
residual ('expected') risk after all mitigating action.  On the one hand,  this approach allows for a good
understanding of the impact of mitigating action taken,  and on the other hand it provides the basis
for scenario analysis.  Our assessment of risks presented in this report only reflects the net risk
perspective.  We measure the actual financial impact of high-level risks that materialised against
the original assessment on a yearly basis.  In this way,  we ensure continuous monitoring of the
accuracy of risk evaluations across the Group,  which enables us to continuously improve evaluation
methodology based on our findings. 
In assessing the potential effect from opportunities,  each opportunity is appraised with respect
to viability,  commerciality and potential risks.  This approach is applied to longer-term strategic
prospects but also to shorter-term tactical and opportunistic initiatives at both the Group and,  more
extensively,  the market and brand level.  In contrast to the risk evaluation,  only the net perspective
exists for assessing opportunities. 

/  Risk and opportunity monitoring and reporting: Our integrated risk and opportunity
management system aims to increase the transparency of Group risks and opportunities.  As both
risks and opportunities are subject to constant change,  Risk Owners not only monitor developments
but also the adequacy and effectiveness of the current risk handling strategy on an ongoing basis. 
Regular risk reporting consists of a two-step reporting stream supported and facilitated by a globally
used Group-wide IT solution that was implemented in 2011.  Firstly,  on a quarterly basis,  Risk Owners
are required to report to Group Risk Management risks with a possible gross impact rating of at least
moderate or a net impact rating of at least minor,  both regardless of the likelihood of materialising. 
Risk owners are also required to report all opportunities with an impact rating of at least minor. 
Secondly,  Group Risk Management aggregates the reported risks and opportunities and,  also on
 quarterly basis,  provides the adidas AG Executive Board with a consolidated Group-wide report
based on the Risk Owners' input,  which highlights substantial individual risks and opportunities as
well as,  on an aggregated level,  key areas of risk and opportunity. 
Material changes in previously reported risks and/or newly identified risks with a potential net impact
of at least moderate,  and any issues identified which due to their material nature require immediate
reporting to the Executive Board,  are also reported outside the regular quarterly reporting stream
on an ad hoc basis. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

157
20

/  Risk and opportunity handling: Risks and opportunities are treated in accordance with the
Group's risk and opportunity management principles as described in the Group Risk Management
Policy.  Risk Owners are in charge of developing and implementing appropriate risk-mitigating
action and exploiting opportunities within their area of responsibility.  In addition,  the Risk Owners
need to determine a general risk handling strategy for the identified risks,  which is either risk
avoidance,  risk reduction with the objective to minimise (financial) impact and/or likelihood,  risk
transfer to a third party or risk acceptance.  The decision on the implementation of the respective
risk handling strategy also takes into account the costs in relation to the effectiveness of any
planned mitigating action if applicable.  The Group Risk Management department works closely
with the Risk Owners to monitor the continuous progress of planned mitigating action and assess
the viability of already implemented mitigating action. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report 
/ 035 
/

Compliance management system
(adidas Group Fair Play Compliance Framework)
At the adidas Group,  we consider compliance with the law as well as external and internal
regulations to be imperative.  Every employee is required to act ethically and in compliance with
the law as well as with external and internal regulations while executing the Group's business. 
Violations must be avoided under all circumstances.  As a company with worldwide operations and
more than 50000 employees,  however,  the Group accepts that it will never be possible to exclude
compliance violations with absolute certainty. 
Both the adidas Group Fair Play Compliance Framework and our risk and opportunity management
system are closely aligned and both are overseen by the Group's Chief Compliance Officer who reports
directly to the Group's Chief Executive Officer.  Together,  these systems create the organisational
requirements for Group-wide awareness of the respective governing law and of our internal rules
and guidelines as well as for ensuring their observance.  We see compliance as all-encompassingspanning all business functions throughout the entire value chain,  from supply chain through to
the end consumer.  As a result,  the identification,  analysis and evaluation of potential compliance
risks are essential for our risk and opportunity management process.  The Group Risk Management
department works closely with the Risk Owners and responsible Compliance Officers to conduct a
systematic assessment of key compliance risks on a quarterly basis. 

20

14

158

The Group's compliance management system is based on the OECD Principles of Corporate
Governance.  It refers to the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and is designed to:
/ 
Support the achievement of qualitative and sustainable growth through good corporate
governance practice. 
/ 
Reduce and mitigate the risk of financial losses or damage caused by non-compliant conduct. 
/ 
Protect and further enhance the value and reputation of the Group and its brands through
compliant conduct. 
/ 
Preserve diversity by fighting harassment and discrimination. 
/ 
Contribute to continuous improvement in all aspects of the Group's business. 
Our Fair Play Code of Conduct,  which is applicable in all regions and business areas,  stipulates
guidelines for behaviour in everyday work and is available both on our website and on our intranet. 
The Code of Conduct is the cornerstone of our compliance management programme which is
founded on three pillars: prevention,  detection and response. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Legal & Compliance Risks,  p.  170

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report 
/ 035 
/

Prevention includes,  for example,  training such as the web-based Code of Conduct training (which
is mandatory for all employees worldwide),  general data protection training and an anti-trust
training programme (for employees who are exposed to customers and competitors) incorporating
web-based training and face-to-face training workshops. 

The Chief Compliance Officer regularly reports to the Executive Board on the further development
of the compliance programme and on major compliance cases,  which are also reported to the Audit
Committee.  Further,  he reports to the Audit Committee at one of its meetings at least once a year
concerning the contents and the further development of the compliance programme. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
159
14

Appropriate and timely response to compliance violations is essential.  Therefore,  we have
established a global network of local Compliance Officers reporting directly to the Chief Compliance
Officer of the Group as dedicated contact persons to whom complaints and information concerning
compliance violations can be reported.  We track,  monitor and report potential incidents of
non-compliance worldwide using a web-based reporting solution,  which can be accessed by all
Compliance Officers across the Group.  Appropriate sanction mechanisms (including termination
of employment) are used to react promptly to possible compliance violations.  Insights gained from
the investigation of past violations are used to continuously improve the compliance management
system. 

see Glossary,  p.  258

20

To ensure timely detection of potential infringements of statutory regulations or internal guidelineswe have implemented whistleblowing procedures which allow employees to either report concerns
over wrongdoing/potential compliance violations internally (e.g.  directly to their supervisor,  to the
Chief Compliance Officer or other Compliance Officers,  the relevant HR manager or the Works
Council) or externally via an independent,  confidential reporting hotline and email service.  The
hotline (Fair Play hotline) is available around the clock,  seven days a week and can be called
free of charge in over 60 countries worldwide.  In addition,  our Group Internal Audit and Profit
Protection departments conduct regular audits and investigations to detect potential incidents of
non-compliance.  In case of reported or suspected compliance violations,  ad hoc investigations may
be undertaken as well. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report 
/ 035 
/

Description of the main features of the internal control and risk management
system relating to the consolidated financial reporting process pursuant to
§ 315 section 2 no.  5 German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch HGB)
The internal control and risk management system relating to the consolidated financial reporting
process of the adidas Group represents a process embedded within the Group-wide corporate
governance system.  It aims at providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the
Group's external financial reporting by ensuring Group-wide compliance with statutory provisions,  in
particular the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and internal consolidated financial
reporting policies (Group Finance Manual).  We regard the internal control and risk management
system as a process based on the principle of segregation of duties,  encompassing various
sub-processes in the areas of Accounting,  Controlling,  Taxes,  Treasury,  Planning,  Reporting and
Legal,  focusing on the identification,  assessment,  treatment,  monitoring and reporting of financial
reporting risks.  Clearly defined responsibilities are assigned to each distinct sub-process in the
various areas.  In a first step,  the internal control and risk management system serves to identify and
assess as well as to limit and control risks identified in the consolidated financial reporting process
which might result in our consolidated financial statements not being in conformity with internal
and external regulations. 

20

14

160

Internal Control over Financial Reporting (ICoFR) serves to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of reporting and compliance with applicable laws and regulations despite identified
financial reporting risks.  To monitor the effectiveness of ICoFR,  the Group Internal Audit department
and the Group Policies & Internal Controls department regularly review accounting-related
processes.  Additionally,  as part of the year-end audit,  the external auditor selects and examines
internal controls,  including the IT systems,  to assess their effectiveness.  The Audit Committee of the
adidas AG Supervisory Board also monitors the effectiveness of ICoFR.  However,  due to limitations
of ICoFR,  even with appropriate and functional systems absolute certainty about the effectiveness
of ICoFR cannot be guaranteed. 
All Group companies are required to comply with consolidated financial reporting policies (Group
Finance Manual),  which are available to all employees involved in the financial reporting process
through the Group-wide intranet.  We update the Group Finance Manual on a regular basisdependent on regulatory changes and internal developments.  Changes to the Group Finance Manual
are promptly communicated to all Group companies.  Clear policies serve to limit employees' scope
of discretion with regard to recognition and valuation of assets and liabilities,  thus reducing the risk
of inconsistent accounting practices within the Group.  We aim to ensure compliance with the Group
Finance Manual through continuous adherence to the four-eyes principle in accounting-related
processes.  In addition,  the local manager responsible for the accounting process within the Group
companies and the respective local Managing Director confirm adherence to the Group Finance
Manual and International Financial Reporting Standards in a signed representation letter,  which is
provided to Group Accounting on a quarterly basis. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report 
/ 035 
/

The accounting for Group companies is conducted either locally or by an adidas Group Shared Service
Centre.  Most of the IT ERP systems used are based on a Group-wide standardised SAP system.  Some
Group companies use Navision-based ERP software.  As part of an initiative aimed at harmonising
our system infrastructure (One ERP),  we will also introduce an SAP-based ERP system within these
Group companies in the medium term.  Following approval by the Finance Director of the respective
Group company,  the local financial statements are transferred into a central consolidation system
based on SAP SEM-BCS.  At Group level,  the regularity and reliability of the financial statements
prepared by Group companies are reviewed by Group Accounting and Controlling.  These measures
include automated validation in the system as well as creation of reports and analyses to ensure data
integrity and adherence to reporting logic.  In addition,  differences between current year and prior
year financial data as well as budget figures are analysed on a distribution channel and market level. 
If necessary,  the Group seeks the opinion of independent experts to review business transactions
that occur infrequently and not on a routine basis.  After ensuring data plausibility,  the centrally
coordinated and monitored consolidation process begins,  running automatically on SAP SEM-BCS. 
Controls within the individual consolidation steps,  such as those relating to the consolidation of debt
or of income and expenses,  are conducted both manually and system-based,  using automatically
created consolidation logs.  Any inadequacies are remedied manually by systematically processing
the individual errors and differences and are reported back to the Group companies.  After finalisation
of all consolidation steps,  all items in the consolidated income statement and in the consolidated
statement of financial position are analysed with respect to trends and variances.  Unless already
otherwise clarified,  the Group companies are asked to explain any identified material deviations. 

Group's governance structures and processes enhanced in 2014
In 2014,  we made further improvements to the Group's governance structures and processes.  We
launched a completely overhauled Code of Conduct (our Fair Play Code of Conduct),  updated our
web-based Code of Conduct training and introduced a Fair Play mobile phone application available
for download for the Group's employees.  Regarding risk and opportunity management,  the Group
Risk Management department held training sessions and workshops with Risk Owners and
revamped the Risk Universe after benchmarking the Group's risk and opportunity categories with
those reported by the Group's main competitors and retail partners. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
20

14

161
All financial systems used are protected against malpractice by means of appropriate authorisation
concepts,  approval concepts and access restrictions.  Access authorisations are reviewed on
 regular basis and updated if required.  The risk of data loss or outage of accounting-related IT
systems is minimised by Group IT through central control and monitoring of virtually all IT systemscentralised management of change processes and regular data backups. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report 
/ 035 
/

This report focuses on what we perceive as the Group's material risks with the exception of interest
rate risks and financing and liquidity risks.  Material risks are all risks which were assessed with a
major impact as well as all risks with an impact rating of significant and a likelihood rating of at least
possible.  The update of the Risk Universe affected the consolidation and aggregation of risks.  As a
result,  some risks illustrated in this report may not be fully comparable with risks presented in last
year's report.  The assessment of all risks is shown in the risks overview table. 

see Table 03

03   /   Corporate risk overview
Potential impact 
Change
(2013 rating)

Likelihood 
Change
(2013 rating)

Strategic risks
Macroeconomic,  socio-political and regulatory risks 
Major 
Possible 
Risks related to risk and control environment 
Major 
Possible 
Risks related to media and stakeholder activities 
Significant 
Likely 
Competition risks 
Significant 
Likely 
Risks related to organisational structure and change 
Significant 
Likely 
Business partner risks 
Major 
Possible 
Own-retail risks 
Major 
Unlikely 
 (Possible)

Hazard risks 
Major 
Unlikely 
 (Possible)

IT risks 
Major 
Unlikely 
Project risks 
Major 
Inventory risks 
Significant 
Marketing risks 
Significant 
Risks related to product assortment,  innovation and design 
Significant 
Logistics risks 
Significant 
 (Unlikely)
 (Possible)

Operational risks 
20

14

162

Unlikely
 (Moderate)

Likely
Likely
Likely 
 (Major)

Possible 
Legal & Compliance risks
Risks related to competition,  trade,  customs and tax regulations 
Major 
Product quality risks 
Major 
Unlikely 
Fraud and corruption risks 
Major 
Unlikely 
Risks related to product counterfeiting and imitation 
Significant 
Likely 
 (Significant)

 (Possible)

Unlikely 
 (Possible)
 (Unlikely)

Financial risks
Currency risks 
Major 
Risks related to impairment of goodwill/other intangible assets 
Major 
Likely 
Credit risks 
Major 
Unlikely 
Interest rate risks 
Minor 
Likely 
Financing and liquidity risks 
Minor 
Unlikely 
 (Significant)

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Possible 
 (Unlikely)

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Strategic Risks 
/ 035 
/

Strategic Risks
Macroeconomic,  socio-political and regulatory risks
Growth in the sporting goods industry is highly dependent on consumer spending and consumer
confidence.  Economic downturns and socio-political factors such as military conflicts,  civil unrestnationalisation or expropriation,  in particular in regions where the Group is highly representedtherefore pose a significant risk to the Group's business activities and top- and bottom-line
performance.  In addition,  substantial changes in the regulatory environment (e.g.  trade restrictionssocial security systems,  minimum wages,  tax legislation,  economic and political sanctions,  etc. )
could lead to potential sales shortfalls or cost increases. 
To mitigate these macroeconomic,  socio-political and regulatory risks,  the Group strives to balance
sales across key global regions and also between developed and emerging markets.  We also
continuously monitor the macroeconomic,  political and regulatory landscape in all our key markets
to anticipate potential problem areas,  so that we are able to quickly adjust our business activities
accordingly upon any change in conditions.  Potential adjustments may be changes in product
prices,  closures of own-retail stores,  more conservative product purchasing,  tight working capital
management and an increased focus on cost control.  In addition,  by building on our leading position
within the sporting goods industry,  we actively engage in supporting policymakers and regulators
to liberalise global trade,  curtail trade barriers and proactively adapt to significant changes in the
regulatory environment. 

163
20

14

Risks related to risk and control environment
Failure to identify and actively manage substantial risks and to implement and maintain adequate
internal controls across the Group could result in incorrect decisions,  higher costs,  compliance
violation and fraud and also cause reputational damage.  Inadequate design,  implementation and
maintenance of the compliance management system may result in insufficient prevention and
detection of,  as well as response to,  compliance violations and unethical behaviour.  This could trigger
fines or penalties,  increased cost and management liability as well as reputational damage for the
Group.  Furthermore,  a lack of documentation,  training and enforcement of policies,  processes and
procedures could result in a lack of risk awareness among the Group's employees and facilitates
improper behaviour and compliance violations. 
In order to adequately manage these risks,  we continuously review and further develop our
Group-wide risk management system,  compliance management system and internal control
network.  In addition,  we maintain a Global Policy Manual that illustrates all relevant Group policies
and is freely accessible to all employees via the Group's intranet.  This is supported by regular
employee training (e.g.  Code of Conduct,  anti-trust,  workplace safety,  etc. ).  We also document
key business processes to create transparency and enable the implementation of proper control
mechanisms. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Strategic Risks 
/ 035 
/

Risks related to media and stakeholder activities
The adidas Group faces considerable risk if we are unable to uphold high levels of consumer
awareness,  affiliation and purchase intent for our brands.  Adverse media coverage on our products
or business practices as well as negative social media discussion may significantly hurt the Group's
reputation and brand image,  lead to public misperception of the Group's business performance and
eventually result in a sales slowdown.  Similarly,  certain activities on the part of key stakeholders
(e.g.  non-governmental organisations,  governmental institutions,  etc. ) could cause reputational
damage,  distract top management and disrupt business activities. 
To mitigate these risks,  we pursue proactive,  open communication and engagement with key
stakeholders (e.g.  consumers,  media,  non-governmental organisations,  the financial communityetc. ) on a continuous basis.  In addition,  we have established clear crisis communication processes
to ensure a quick and effective response to adverse developments.  On a case-by-case basis,  we also
seek external advice from experts in communication and stakeholder management.  We have also
defined clear mission statements,  values and goals for all our brands.  These form the foundation
of our product and brand communication strategies.  Furthermore,  we continue to invest significant
marketing resources to build brand equity and foster consumer awareness. 

Competition risks 
20

14

164

Strategic alliances amongst competitors and/or retailers,  the increase of retailers' own private
label businesses and intense competition for consumers and promotion partnerships from
well-established industry peers and new market entrants (e.g.  new brands,  vertical retailers) pose a
substantial risk to the adidas Group.  This could lead to harmful competitive behaviour,  such as price
wars in the marketplace or bidding wars for promotion partnerships.  Sustained pricing pressure
in one of the Group's key markets could threaten the Group's sales and profitability development. 
Aggressive competitive practices could also drive increases in marketing costs and market share
losses,  thus hurting the Group's profitability and market position. 
To mitigate competition risks,  we continuously monitor and analyse competitive and market
information in order to be able to anticipate unfavourable changes in the competitive environment
rather than reacting to such changes.  This enables us to proactively adjust our marketing and sales
activities when needed.  We also pursue a strategy of entering into long-term agreements with key
promotion partners such as FIFA,  FC Bayern Munich or Lionel Messi,  as well as adding new partners
to refresh and diversify our portfolio,  e.g.  Manchester United,  UFC,  James Rodriguez or Andrew
Wiggins.  In addition,  our product and communication initiatives are designed to drive market share
growth and to strengthen our brands' market position. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Global Brands Strategy,  p.  53
see Other Businesses Strategy,  p.  60

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Operational Risks 
/ 035 
/

Risks related to organisational structure and change
The Group operates in a dynamic and fast-changing competitive environment.  Thereforeorganisational flexibility and the ability to adapt quickly to new competitive circumstances
are critical to remain successful.  A complex organisational structure and unclear roles and
responsibilities across the Group can lead to untimely or sub-optimal decision-making,  inefficient
and ineffective processes and,  consequently,  higher costs.  Improper planning and execution of
reorganisation initiatives may reduce employee engagement,  cause business disruption and
result in higher costs.  A high frequency in organisational changes could cause fatigue among
the workforce and lead to reduced efficiency and productivity.  Inadequate change management
could lead to non-acceptance of changes by the workforce,  lower employee engagement and
inefficiencies. 
We mitigate these risks by frequent,  open and transparent communication with our employees.  Our
Executive Board members as well as the senior management team across the Group hold regular
'town hall' meetings to update employees on organisational changes and openly explain the reasons
for change.  To adequately manage change and to ensure clarity about roles and responsibilities
throughout the organisation,  we also utilise internal and external experts in project managementchange management and communication,  who actively educate and engage the workforce to
embrace and support new organisational structures and processes. 

165
20

14

Operational Risks
Business partner risks
The adidas Group interacts and enters into partnerships with various third parties such as retail
partners,  distributors,  licensees,  joint venture partners,  suppliers,  service providers or promotion
partners.  As a result,  the Group is exposed to a multitude of business partner risks. 
Failure to cement and maintain strong relationships with retailers,  for example,  could have
substantial negative effects on our wholesale activities and thus the Group's business performance. 
Losing important customers in key markets due to sub-par relationship management would result
in significant sales shortfalls.  In a few individual markets,  we work with distributors or strategic
partners whose approach might differ from our own distribution practices and standards,  which
could also negatively impact the adidas Group's business performance.  Similarly,  failure to maintain
strong relationships with suppliers or service providers could negatively impact the Group's sales and
profitability.  Injuries to promotion partners,  e.g.  individual athletes,  or weak on-field performance
on the part of sponsored teams or athletes could reduce their consumer appeal and eventually
result in lower sales and attractiveness of our brands.  Risks may also arise from a dependence on
particular suppliers,  customers or service providers.  Over-reliance on a supplier for a substantial
portion of the Group's product volume,  or over-dependence on a particular customer,  increases the
Group's vulnerability to delivery and sales shortfalls and could lead to significant margin pressure. 
Business partner default or other disruptive events such as strikes may negatively affect the Group's
business activities and result in additional costs and liabilities as well as lower sales for the Group. 
Unethical or non-compliant business practices on the part of business partners could have a
negative spill-over effect on the Group's reputation,  lead to higher costs or liabilities and disrupt
business activities. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Glossary,  p.  258

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Operational Risks 
/ 035 
/

To mitigate business partner risks,  the Group has implemented various measures.  For example,  to
reduce the risk of business interruption,  we work with business partners who demonstrate reliabilityquality and innovation.  Furthermore,  in order to minimise any potential negative consequences such
as a violation of our Workplace Standards by our suppliers,  we enforce strict control and inspection
procedures at our suppliers and also demand adherence to social and environmental standards
throughout our supply chain.  In addition,  we have selectively bought insurance coverage for the
risk of business interruptions caused by physical damage to suppliers' premises.  To ensure strong
relationships with retailers,  the Group is committed to delivering outstanding customer service
and providing our retail partners with the support and tools to establish and maintain a mutually
successful business relationship.  Customer relationship management is not only a key activity
for our sales force but also of highest importance for our Group's top executives and second-line
management.  To reduce dependency on any particular business partner,  the Group follows a
strategy of diversification.  In this context,  the Group works with a broad network of suppliers andfor the vast majority of its products,  does not have a single-sourcing model.  We also utilise a broad
distribution strategy which includes further expanding our controlled space activities to reduce the
risk of over-reliance on particular key customers.  Specifically,  no single customer accounted for
more than 10% of Group sales in 2014.  In addition,  we work with a broad portfolio of promotion
partners including individual athletes,  club teams,  federations or associations in numerous sports. 

Own-retail risks 
20

14

166

New own-retail stores require considerable up-front investment in furniture and fixtures as well
as ongoing maintenance.  In addition,  own-retail activities often require longer-term lease or
rent commitments.  Retail also employs significantly more personnel in relation to sales than our
wholesale business.  The higher portion of fixed costs compared to our wholesale business may
cause a larger profitability impact in cases of significant sales declines.  Success in own retail is
predominantly related to the skills and performance of our employees.  High turnover of staff as
well as a lack of the required skills and qualifications of own-retail employees could negatively
affect sales and profitability.  Ineffective or inconsistent leadership and an inadequate culture with
respect to operating own-retail stores with commercial expertise may also contribute to suboptimal
business performance.  In addition,  delayed openings or poorly executed store operations could
lead to sales shortfalls and also negatively affect brand image.  Furthermore,  inability to secure
appropriate store locations may result in a worse than expected sales development. 
The Group reduces these risks by applying various measures.  For example,  the vast majority of
our new lease contracts have durations of between five and ten years.  In addition,  store openings
are managed according to a standardised Group-wide business plan model,  taking into account
our year-long own-retail experience and best practices from around the world.  Store performance
is measured by a retail scorecard consisting of nine quantitative key performance indicators. 
Underperforming stores are reorganised,  remodelled or closed,  as appropriate.  Furthermorewe run multiple training initiatives for own-retail employees at all levels,  from store assistant to
top management.  At the same time,  we constantly monitor staff turnover and actively manage
succession and career development to reduce attrition. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Sustainability,  p.  89

see Glossary,  p.  258

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Operational Risks 
/ 035 
/

Hazard risks
The adidas Group is exposed to external risks such as natural disasters,  unfavourable weather
conditions,  epidemics,  fire,  accidents and malicious acts.  Physical damage to our own or our
suppliers' premises,  production units,  warehouses and stock in transit can lead to property damage
and business interruption. 
These risks are mitigated by loss prevention measures such as working with reliable suppliers
and logistics providers who guarantee high safety standards.  In addition to the insurance coverage
we have secured,  the Group has implemented loss prevention (e.g.  sprinklers in facilities) and
contingency plans to quickly recover business activities in order to minimise potential negative
effects. 

IT risks
Key business processes,  including product marketing,  order management,  warehouse managementinvoice processing,  customer support and financial reporting,  are all dependent on IT systems. 
 significant systems outage or application failure could result in considerable disruptions to
our business.  Virus or malware attacks could also lead to systems disruption and may result in
the loss of business-critical and/or confidential information.  Theft or leakage of confidential and
sensitive information or data (e.g.  product data,  employee data,  consumer data,  etc. ) could lead to
reputational damage,  penalties and higher costs. 

Project risks
To effectively support further business growth and improve efficiency,  the Group continuously
invests in new projects such as the creation,  implementation and expansion of IT systems and
distribution centres or the construction of office buildings.  Ineffective project management could
delay the execution of critical projects and lead to higher expenditures.  Inadequate project planning
and controlling as well as executional mistakes could cause inefficiencies,  delays or business
disruption,  resulting in higher costs and sales shortfalls.  Inappropriate project governanceprioritisation and oversight of the project portfolio may lead to suboptimal resource allocation and
undesired project results. 
We manage projects utilising reviews by project teams as well as project steering committees to
ensure that the progress,  quality and costs of those projects are regularly evaluated.  To ensure
true end-to-end management of key projects for the Group,  we have established a cross-functional
programme board under the leadership of the Group's Executive Board member responsible for
Global Operations.  This approach allows early detection of project risks and quick implementation
of corrective action or timely cancellation of projects with a low chance of success. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

167
20

To mitigate these risks,  our IT organisation proactively engages in system preventive maintenanceservice continuity planning and adherence to applicable IT policies.  Data security is managed
by restricting user access based on job description and adhering to data protection regulations. 
Additional security measures such as anti-virus software and firewalls are designed to further
protect our systems and critical information.  We perform multiple backups at alternating data
centre locations for the Group's core Enterprise Resource Planning System (ERP) on a daily basis.  In
addition,  for the ERP system,  our contingency solution allows us to quickly switch to a remote site if
necessary without any loss of data.  System security,  controls and reliability are regularly reviewed
and tested by the Group's Internal Audit department. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Operational Risks 
/ 035 
/

Inventory risks
As we place initial production orders around six months in advance of delivery,  the adidas Group
is exposed to inventory risks relating to misjudging consumer demand at the time of production
planning.  A sudden decline in demand has the potential to cause excess inventories for the Group
as well as in the marketplace.  This can have negative implications for our financial performanceincluding product returns,  higher levels of clearance activity and inventory obsolescence as well as
reduced liquidity due to higher operating working capital requirements. 
Similarly,  a sudden increase in demand can lead to product shortfalls at the point of sale.  In this
situation,  our Group faces the risk of missed sales opportunities and/or customer and consumer
disappointment,  which could lead to a reduction in brand loyalty and hurt our reputation as an
On-Time In-Full supplier.  In addition,  the Group faces potential profitability impacts from additional
costs such as airfreight in efforts to speed up replenishment. 

20

14

168

In order to mitigate these risks,  we actively manage inventory levels,  for example by continuous
monitoring of stock levels as well as centralising stock holding and clearance activities.  We also
continuously strive to improve our forecasting and material planning processes.  To that endin 2014,  we continued to focus on our integrated business planning capabilities.  In addition,  our
Global Operations function offers sophisticated and tailored replenishment models in order to
shorten order-to-delivery times,  ensuring availability of products while avoiding excess inventories. 
Furthermore,  we are combining our global supply chain management and IT functions,  to increase
supply chain agility and reliability by leveraging real-time data analytics,  thus ensuring product
availability that meets consumer expectations. 

Marketing risks
Flawless execution of marketing activities is critical to the success of the Group and its brands. 
Therefore,  unaligned product creation,  range development,  go-to-market or brand communication
processes could lead to higher costs,  suboptimal sales performance and the inability to resonate
with the consumer as desired.  Poorly executed marketing activities may also result in negative
media coverage and hurt brand image.  Similarly,  inadequate or insufficient investment in brandbuilding could negatively affect our ability to maintain brand momentum and our competitive edge
in the marketplace. 
In 2014,  as a result of the Group's recent reorganisation aimed at strengthening 'brand leadership'our marketing organisation was given significantly broader responsibility along the entire product
cycle,  which will ensure closer alignment between the different functions,  provide more consistency
in execution and enable faster decision-making.  Through continuous planning and collaboration
within the marketing organisation and also cross-functionally,  we enable both consumer relevance
and operational excellence.  For example,  the new department 'Concepts-to-Consumer' will
implement simpler and faster operations due to a direct flow of communications to each marketmerging our product footprint and the 'look & feel'. 
In addition,  we clearly prioritise spending in marketing initiatives and promotion partnerships by
strategic relevance to ensure an appropriate return on investment. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Internal Group Management System,  p.  98

see Global Operations,  p.  66

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Operational Risks 
/ 035 
/

Risks related to product assortment,  innovation and design
Innovative and attractive products generate strong sales and,  more importantly,  create a halo
effect for other products.  Fulfilling the highest standards in terms of product quality and safety
is critical to sustainable commercial success and forms an integral part of the product design
and development phase.  The speed with which new product technologies and fresh designs are
brought to market is decisive for maintaining competitive advantage.  Failure to create innovative
products with cutting-edge design and strong consumer appeal could lead to a slowdown in brand
momentum,  lower brand attractiveness and,  as a result,  sales shortfalls and market share losses. 
Insufficient investment in innovation and design capabilities could negatively affect the Group's
competitive position in the marketplace and negatively impact top-line development.  In addition,  a
lack of breadth and depth of our product ranges as well as an inappropriate price/value relationship
in our products may negatively affect the Group's top- and bottom-line performance. 
Therefore,  we continue to invest in innovation and design processes as well as the recruitment
and retention of creative and innovative talent.  In this context,  we will open a new design studio in
Brooklyn,  New York/USA in 2015.  To ensure we identify and quickly adapt to changing consumer
preferences,  we utilise extensive primary and secondary research tools and focus on streamlining
research and development processes to speed up the time to market.  Stringent product life cycle
management enables us to keep our product offering fresh and cutting-edge. 

see Research and Development,  p.  73

Logistics risks 
To mitigate these risks,  we continuously monitor the global transportation market in order to be
able to quickly adapt to changes in the transportation environment and secure required capacity.  We
work closely with multiple logistics service providers to guarantee transportation of our products to
the desired destinations.  In addition,  we buy insurance coverage against theft or physical damage
during transportation and storage.  Furthermore,  in case of malfunctioning logistics systems or
warehouse processes,  we actively re-prioritise the allocation of products to minimise damage
caused. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

169
20

As a global company with business operations in numerous countries,  the Group requires
well-functioning logistics processes,  from the supplier to our distribution centres and subsequently
to the customer.  Any interruption of these processes could negatively affect our ability to fulfil
orders and deliver products,  leading to higher inventory levels,  sales shortfalls,  additional costs and
deterioration of customer relationships.  Inability to secure transportation or warehousing capacityerrors by employees as well as malfunctions in IT logistics systems could all disrupt the flow of
goods. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Legal & Compliance Risks 
/ 035 
/

Legal & Compliance Risks
Risks related to competition,  trade,  customs and tax regulations
Numerous laws and regulations regarding competition,  trade,  customs and taxes affect the
adidas Group's business practices worldwide.  Non-compliance with regulations concerning fair
competition,  pricing,  advertising,  product imports (including calculation of customs values) or taxes
could lead to substantial financial penalties and additional costs as well as negative media coverage
and therefore reputational damage. 
To proactively manage such risks,  we constantly seek expert advice from specialised law or tax
advisory firms and provide subject-matter training to our employees (e.g.  competition law training). 
In addition,  our internal legal,  customs or tax departments advise our operational management
teams to ensure appropriate and compliant business practices.  Furthermore,  we work closely with
customs authorities and governments worldwide to make sure we adhere to customs and import
regulations and obtain the required clearance of products to fulfil sales demand.  In order to reduce
the financial risk,  we also create provisions in our financial statements in accordance with the
relevant accounting regulations to account for potential disputes with customs or tax authorities. 

Product quality risks 
20

14

170

The adidas Group faces a risk of selling defective products,  which may result in injury to consumers
and/or brand and product image impairment.  We mitigate this risk by employing dedicated teams
that monitor the quality of our products on all levels of the supply chain through rigorous testing
prior to production,  close cooperation with suppliers throughout the manufacturing process,  random
testing after retail delivery,  open communication about defective products and quick settlement of
product liability claims when necessary.  In 2014,  we voluntarily recalled two Reebok-CCM Hockey
products an elbow pad and a goalie neck guard in North America because they did not meet the
Group's high product quality standards. 

Fraud and corruption risks
We face the risk that our employees and Executive Board breach rules and standards that guide
appropriate and responsible business behaviour.  This includes the risks of fraud,  financial
misstatements or manipulation,  bribery and corruption.  Our Group's Fair Play Compliance
Framework helps us manage these risks in a proactive way and enables us to prevent,  detect and
adequately respond in case of fraudulent or corrupt behaviour.  Our Global Policy Manual provides a
framework for basic work procedures and processes and our Fair Play Code of Conduct stipulates
that every employee shall act ethically in compliance with the laws and regulations of the legal
systems where they conduct Group business.  All of our employees have to participate in a special
Code of Conduct training.  In addition,  our Compliance Officers across the Group guide and advise our
operating managers regarding fraud and corruption topics.  Furthermore,  we utilise controls such
as segregation of duties in IT systems and data analytics technology to prevent or detect fraudulent
activities.  Whenever reasonable,  we actively investigate and,  in case of unlawful conduct,  we work
with state authorities to ensure rigorous enforcement of criminal law. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Financial Risks 
/ 035 
/

Risks related to product counterfeiting and imitation
As popular consumer brands which rely on technological and design innovation as defining
characteristics,  the Group's brands are frequent targets for counterfeiting and imitation.  To reduce
the loss of sales and the potential damage to brand reputation resulting from counterfeit productsthe adidas Group makes use of extensive legal protection (generally through registration) and works
closely with law enforcement authorities,  investigators and external legal counsel.  Although we
have stepped up measures such as product security labelling with our authorised suppliers,  the
development of these measures remains a key priority on an ongoing basis.  In 2014,  around twelve
million counterfeit adidas Group products were seized worldwide (2013: ten million). 

Financial Risks
Currency risks 
In line with IFRS 7 requirements,  we have calculated the impact on net income and shareholders'
equity based on changes in our most important currency exchange rates.  The calculated impacts
mainly result from changes in the fair value of our hedging instruments.  The analysis does not
include effects that arise from the translation of our foreign entities' financial statements into the
Group's reporting currency,  the euro.  The sensitivity analysis is based on the net balance sheet
exposure,  including intercompany balances from monetary assets and liabilities denominated
in foreign currencies.  Moreover,  all outstanding currency derivatives were re-evaluated using
hypothetical foreign exchange rates to determine the effects on net income and equity.  The analysis
was performed on the same basis for both 2013 and 2014. 
Based on this analysis,  a 10% increase in the euro versus the US dollar at December 31,  2014
would have led to a € 7 million increase in net income.  The more negative market values of the US
dollar hedges would have decreased shareholders' equity by € 188 million.  A 10% weaker euro at
December 31,  2014 would have led to a € 8 million decrease in net income.  Shareholders' equity
would have increased by € 233 million.  The impacts of fluctuations of the US dollar against the
Russian rouble and of the euro against the British pound and the Japanese yen on net income and
shareholders' equity are also included in accordance with IFRS requirements. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Table 05

14

171
see Table 04

20

Currency risks for the adidas Group are a direct result of multi-currency cash flows within the
Group.  Furthermore,  translation impacts from the conversion of non-euro-denominated results
into our Group's functional currency,  the euro,  might lead to a material negative impact on
our Group's financial performance.  The biggest single driver behind this risk results from the
mismatch of the currencies required for sourcing our products versus the denominations of our
sales.  The vast majority of our sourcing expenses are in US dollars,  while sales are denominated
in other currencies to a large extent most notably the euro.  Our main exposures are presented
in the table.  The exposure from firm commitments and forecasted transactions was calculated on
 one-year basis. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Financial Risks 
/ 035 
/

However,  many other financial and operational variables that could potentially reduce the effect of
currency fluctuations are excluded from the analysis.  For instance:
/ 
Interest rates,  commodity prices and all other exchange rates are assumed constant. 
/ 
Exchange rates are assumed at a year-end value instead of the more relevant sales-weighted
average figure,  which we utilise internally to better reflect both the seasonality of our business
and intra-year currency fluctuations. 
/ 
The underlying forecasted cash flow exposure (which the hedge instrument mainly relates to) is
not required to be revalued in this analysis. 
/ 
Operational issues,  such as potential discounts to key accounts,  which have high transparency
regarding the impacts of currency on our sourcing activities (due to their own private label
sourcing efforts),  are also excluded from this presentation. 
Utilising a centralised currency risk management system,  our Group hedges currency needs for
projected sourcing requirements on a rolling basis up to 24 months in advance.  Our goal is to have
the vast majority of our hedging volume secured six months prior to the start of a given season.  In
rare instances,  hedges are contracted beyond the 24-month horizon.  The Group also largely hedges
balance sheet risks.  Due to our strong global position,  we are able to partly minimise currency risk
by utilising natural hedges. 

20

14

172

Nevertheless,  our gross US dollar cash flow exposure after natural hedges calculated for 2015 was
roughly € 52 billion at year-end 2014,  which we hedged using forward exchange contracts,  currency
options and currency swaps.  Our Group's Treasury Policy allows us to utilise hedging instrumentssuch as currency options or option combinations,  which provide protection from negative exchange
rate fluctuations while at the same time retaining the potential to benefit from future favourable
exchange rate developments in the financial markets. 
As 2015 hedging has almost been completed,  it is clear that the EUR/USD conversion rate will
improve compared to 2014.  However,  this positive effect is expected to be more than offset by
less favourable exchange rates in the emerging markets (in particular Russia).  Volume forecast
variances,  currency volatility and an increasing portion of our business in emerging markets,  where
currencies have depreciated rapidly in 2014 and at the beginning of 2015,  will expose the adidas
Group to substantial currency effects in 2015.  Our financial targets set for 2015 take these trends
into consideration. 

see Treasury,  p.  121

see Table 04

see Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  146

Risks related to impairment of goodwill/other intangible assets
As a result of various acquisitions in the past,  our balance sheet carries book values of approximately
€ 12 billion in goodwill and € 16 billion in other intangible assets (including trademarks). 
Deterioration in the business performance,  and particularly in future business prospects,  as well as
significant exchange rate fluctuations could require corrections of these book values by incurring
impairment charges.  In addition,  increases in market interest rates could trigger increases
in discount rates used in our impairment test for goodwill and require impairment charges.  An
impairment charge would be a purely accounting,  non-cash effect impacting the Group's operating
result. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Note 02,  p.  197

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Financial Risks 
/ 035 
/

04   /  
Exposure to foreign exchange risk 1)  (based on notional amounts,  € in millions)
USD

RUB

GBP

JPY

(4890)

318

521

372

(393)

13

13



(5283)

331

534

377

3128

(14)

(355)

(345)

(1778)

317

179

32

(3811)

348

370

362

(358)

106

(7)



(4169)

454

363

368

2604

(107)

(298)

(209)

(1053)

347

65

112

As at December 31,  2014
Exposure from firm commitments and forecasted
transactions
Balance sheet exposure including intercompany exposure
Total gross exposure
Hedged with other cash flows 
99

Hedged with currency options 
278

Hedged with forward contracts
Net exposure
As at December 31,  2013
Exposure from firm commitments and forecasted
transactions
Balance sheet exposure including intercompany exposure
Total gross exposure
Hedged with other cash flows 
87

Hedged with currency options 
425

Hedged with forward contracts
Net exposure 
(47)

1) Rounding difference may arise in totals. 

20

14

173

05   /   Sensitivity analysis of foreign exchange rate changes  (€ in millions)
USD

RUB

GBP

JPY

EUR +10%

USD +10%

EUR +10%

EUR +10%

(188)

– 

29

27





(1)



EUR –10%

USD –10%

EUR –10%

EUR –10%

233

– 

(35)

(33)

(8)

(4)





EUR +10%

USD +10%

EUR +10%

EUR +10%

(176)

– 

21

17



(8)





EUR –10%

USD –10%

EUR –10%

EUR –10%

214

– 

(25)

(20)

(3)



(1)



As at December 31,  2014
Equity
Net income
Equity
Net income
As at December 31,  2013
Equity
Net income
Equity
Net income 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Financial Risks 
/ 035 
/

Credit risks
 credit risk arises if a customer or other counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its
contractual obligations.  The adidas Group is exposed to credit risks from its operating activities
and from certain financing activities.  Credit risks arise principally from accounts receivable andto a lesser extent,  from other third-party contractual financial obligations such as other financial
assets,  short-term bank deposits and derivative financial instruments.  Without taking into account
any collateral,  the carrying amount of financial assets and accounts receivable represents the
maximum exposure to credit risk. 
At the end of 2014,  there was no relevant concentration of credit risk by type of customer or
geography.  Our credit risk exposure is mainly influenced by individual customer characteristics. 
Under the Group's credit policy,  new customers are analysed for creditworthiness before standard
payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered.  Tolerance limits for accounts receivable
are also established for each customer.  Both creditworthiness and accounts receivable limits are
monitored on an ongoing basis.  Customers that fail to meet the Group's minimum creditworthiness
are,  in general,  allowed to purchase products only on a prepayment basis. 
Other activities to mitigate credit risks include retention of title clauses as well as,  on a selective
basis,  credit insurances,  accounts receivable sales without recourse and bank guarantees. 

20

14

174

Objective evidence that financial assets are impaired includes,  for instance,  significant financial
difficulty of the issuer or debtor,  indications of the potential bankruptcy of the borrower and the
disappearance of an active market for a financial asset because of financial difficulties.  The Group
utilises allowance accounts for impairments that represent our estimate of incurred credit losses
with respect to accounts receivable. 
Allowance accounts are used as long as the Group is satisfied that recovery of the amount due is
possible.  Once this is no longer the case,  the amounts are considered irrecoverable and are directly
written off against the financial asset.  The allowance consists of two components:
(1)  n allowance established for all receivables dependent on the ageing structure of receivables

past due date and
(2)  specific allowance that relates to individually assessed risk for each specific customer –

irrespective of ageing. 
At the end of 2014,  no Group customer accounted for more than 10% of accounts receivable. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Note 29,  p.  228

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Financial Risks 
/ 035 
/

The Group Treasury department arranges currency,  commodity and interest rate hedges,  and invests
cash,  with major banks of a high credit standing throughout the world.  adidas Group companies are
authorised to work with banks rated BBB+ or higher.  Only in exceptional cases are subsidiaries
authorised to work with banks rated lower than BBB+.  To limit risk in these cases,  restrictions
are clearly stipulated,  such as maximum cash deposit levels.  In addition,  the credit default swap
premiums of our partner banks are monitored on a monthly basis.  In the event that the defined
threshold is exceeded,  credit balances are shifted to banks compliant with the limit. 
We believe our risk concentration is limited due to the broad distribution of our investment business
with more than 20 globally operating banks.  At December 31,  2014,  no bank accounted for more
than 5% of our investments.  Including subsidiaries' short-term deposits in local banks,  the average
concentration was 1%.  This leads to a maximum exposure of € 82 million in the event of default of
any single bank.  We have further diversified our investment exposure by investing into AAA-rated
money market funds. 
In addition,  we held derivatives with a positive fair market value in the amount of € 285 million.  The
maximum exposure to any single bank resulting from these assets amounted to € 67 million and
the average concentration was 6%. 

The carrying amounts of recognised derivative financial instruments,  which are subject to the
mentioned agreements,  are presented in the table below. 

06   /  
Set-off possibilities of derivative financial assets and liabilities  (€ in millions)
2014

2013

285

59

Assets
Gross amounts of recognised financial assets
Financial instruments which qualify for
set-off in the statement of financial position 




Net amounts of financial assets presented in the statement of financial position 
285

59

Set-off possible due to master agreements 
(53)

(53)

Total net amount of financial assets 
232



(55)

(93)

Liabilities
Gross amounts of recognised financial liabilities
Financial instruments which qualify for
set-off in the statement of financial position 


Net amounts of financial liabilities presented in the statement of financial position 


(55)

(93)

Set-off possible due to master agreements 
53

53

Total net amount of financial liabilities 
(2)

(40)

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Table 06
14

175
20

According to IFRS 7,  the table below includes further information about set-off possibilities of
derivative financial assets and liabilities.  The majority of agreements between financial institutions
and the adidas Group include a mutual right to set-off.  However,  these agreements do not meet the
criteria for offsetting in the statement of financial position,  because the right to set-off is enforceable
only in the event of counterparty defaults. 

see Table 06

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Financial Risks 
/ 035 
/

Interest rate risks
Changes in global market interest rates affect future interest payments for variable-interest
liabilities.  As the Group does not have material variable-interest liabilities,  significant interest rate
increases should have only slight adverse effects on the Group's profitability,  liquidity and financial
position. 
In line with IFRS 7 requirements,  we have analysed the impact of changes in the Group's most
important interest rates on net income and shareholders' equity.  The effect of interest rate changes
on future cash flows is excluded from this analysis.  Nevertheless,  accrued interest,  which is
recognised as a liability,  has been recalculated based on the hypothetical market interest rates as at
December 31,  2014.  Fair values for derivative interest rate instruments accounted for as cash flow
hedges were then re-evaluated based on the hypothetical market interest rates with the resulting
effects on net income and equity included in the sensitivity analysis. 

20

14

176

However,  the effect on the income statement from changes in the fair values of hedged items and
hedging instruments attributable to interest rate changes was not material.  Exclusions from this
analysis are as follows:
/ 
Some fixed-rate financial instruments,  such as certificates of deposit,  which we value at 'fair
value through profit or loss' due to the short-term maturity of these instruments.  Potential
effects due to changes in interest rates are considered immaterial and are not recognised in the
sensitivity analysis. 
/ 
Other fixed-rate financial instruments are measured at amortised cost.  Since a change in
interest rates would not change the carrying amount of this category of instruments,  there is no
net income impact and they are excluded from this analysis. 
The interest rate sensitivity analysis assumes a parallel shift of the interest yield curve for all
currencies and was performed on the same basis for both 2013 and 2014.  As in the prior year,  a
100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates at December 31,  2014 would have had no
major impact on shareholders' equity and net income. 
To reduce interest rate risks and maintain financial flexibility,  a core tenet of our Group's financial
strategy is to continue to use surplus cash flow from operations to reduce gross borrowings.  Beyond
that,  the adidas Group is constantly looking for adequate hedging strategies through interest rate
derivatives in order to mitigate interest rate risks. 
In 2014,  interest rates in Europe and North America remained at low levels.  Given the central banks'
current interest rate policies and macroeconomic uncertainty,  we do not foresee any major interest
rate increases in Europe in 2015.  Due to the positive macroeconomic development in the USAhowever,  we believe a slight increase in US interest rates is likely.  At December 31,  2014,  80% of the
Group's financing was denominated in euros. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Treasury,  p.  121

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Financial Risks 
/ 035 
/

Financing and liquidity risks
Liquidity risks arise from not having the necessary resources available to meet maturing liabilities
with regard to timing,  volume and currency structure.  In addition,  the adidas Group faces the risk
of having to accept unfavourable financing terms due to liquidity restraints.  Our Group Treasury
department uses an efficient cash management system to manage liquidity risk.  At December 312014,  Group cash and cash equivalents together with marketable securities amounted to
€ 1688 billion (2013: € 1629 billion).  Moreover,  our Group maintains € 1520 billion bilateral credit
lines and a € 500 million committed long-term syndicated loan facility with international bankswhich does not include a market disruption clause.  The € 2020 billion in credit lines are designed
to ensure sufficient liquidity at all times. 
Future cash outflows arising from financial liabilities that are recognised in the Consolidated
Statement of Financial Position are presented in the table below.  This includes payments to settle
obligations from borrowings as well as cash outflows from cash-settled derivatives with negative
market values.  Financial liabilities that may be settled in advance without penalty are included on
the basis of the earliest date of potential repayment.  Cash flows for variable-interest liabilities are
determined with reference to the conditions at the balance sheet date. 

see Treasury,  p.  121

see Table 07

We ended the year 2014 with net debt of € 185 million (2013: net cash of € 295 million).  Thus,  the
ratio of net borrowings over EBITDA was 01 times at year-end,  which is in line with the Group's
medium-term guideline of less than two times. 

20

14

177
07   /   Future cash outflows 1)  (€ in millions)
Up to
 year 
Up to
 years 
Up to
 years 
Up to
 years 
Up to
 years 
Up to
 years 
Up to
 years 
Total 
As at December 31,  2014
Bank borrowings incl.  commercial paper 2)

194

Private placements 3)

108

127

17

17

17





502

Eurobond 3)
Convertible bond 3)
Accounts payable
Other financial liabilities
Accrued liabilities 4)
Derivative financial liabilities
Total 
194
235
17

17

17

617

504

1652
38

719
1652



44

491

491

53













55

2554

152

519

17

17

17

617

3894

95

111





As at December 31,  2013
Bank borrowings 2)
Private placements 3)
Eurobond 3)
Convertible bond 3)
Accounts payable
Other financial liabilities
Accrued liabilities 4)
Derivative financial liabilities
Total 
126
70

126
276

514


514
502

1825
33

505
1825



42

464

464

80

12



3113

117

113

93
502

1) Rounding difference may arise in totals. 
2) Classified as long-term (between 1 and 3 years) in the consolidated financial statements,  as they are covered by the committed mid-term syndicated loan. 
3) Including interest payments. 
4) Accrued interest excluded. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
3845

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Strategic and Operational Opportunities 
/ 035 
/

Opportunities which have a mid- to long-term positive impact for the Group's top- and bottom-line
performance are already reflected in the Group's strategic aspirations and are therefore not included
in this report.  As a result,  some opportunities may not be fully comparable with opportunities
presented in last year's report.  The assessment of all opportunities is shown in the opportunities
overview table. 

see Table 08

08   /   Corporate opportunities overview
Potential impact 
Change in 2014
(2013 rating)

Likelihood 
Change in 2014
(2013 rating)

Strategic and operational opportunities
Organic growth opportunities 
Major 
Opportunities related to organisational and process improvements 
Major 
 (Significant)

Unlikely
Possible 
Personnel opportunities 
Moderate 
 (Significant)

Possible 
 (Unlikely)

Macroeconomic,  socio-political and regulatory opportunities 
Moderate 
Possible 
 (Unlikely)

Acquisition opportunities 
Minor 
Possible 
Major 
Possible 
Financial opportunities
Favourable financial market changes 
20

14

178

Strategic and Operational Opportunities
Organic growth opportunities
Controlled space: The sporting goods retail environment is changing constantly.  We therefore
continue to adapt our distribution strategy to cater for this change and have made controlled space
initiatives a strategic priority.  This includes retail space management with key retail partners as
well as the introduction of new own-retail store formats.  In addition,  we continue to expand our
direct-to-consumer activities in emerging markets such as South East Asia,  India or the Middle East
and North Africa.  Successful results from these initiatives could enable us to accelerate top- and
bottom-line growth. 
Fashion trends: Trends can rapidly change in our industry as certain styles,  looks and colourways
fall in and out of relevance for the consumer.  Given our broad product offering,  additional sales
opportunities may arise when our products are more on-trend than those of our major competitors. 
Further establishing a premium price positioning could strengthen consumers' perception of our
brands,  particularly in fashion categories,  and open up additional margin opportunities. 
New activities and categories: Exploiting the potential of emerging,  fast-growing sports categories
is another organic growth opportunity for our brands.  Our brand teams conduct market research
and engage in trend marketing to detect changes in the lifestyle and consumer needs of our
target audience as early as possible.  As a result,  we continue to see untapped market potential
around new fitness concepts such as CrossFit and obstacle racing.  Similarly,  we see tremendous
additional growth potential in the running category,  in particular in North America,  on the back of
our revolutionary Boost concept. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
 (Unlikely)

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Strategic and Operational Opportunities 
/ 035 
/

Sustainable products: As consumers demand more products that are environmentally benign and
produced on a sustainable basis,  the adidas Group continues its efforts to create meaningful product
platforms that drive growth in this area.  We remain focused on the extension of the adidas 'Better
Place' programme.  Products and packaging in the programme are designed taking sustainability
principles into account,  such as broadening the use of recycled materials and monitoring energy use
in material and product preparation. 
Strategic partnerships: The adidas Group is constantly evolving its partnership network within
sports and culture,  with academic organisations and other industries in research and developmentdesigners in the fashion industry,  other brands and non-traditional sporting goods retailers.  These
partnerships have generated multiple new growth avenues for the Group,  as we have acquired
product or process know-how and gained access to new distribution channels or markets. 
Partnerships,  strategic alliances and collaborations may enable the adidas Group to pursue further
growth and efficiency opportunities. 

Opportunities related to organisational and process improvements 
Furthermore,  constant improvements in manufacturing excellence (e.g.  process simplification)manufacturing innovation or warehouse consolidation may help us increase efficiency and
profitability for the Group.  Innovations in production could also support the Group in reducing its
environmental impact,  while at the same time enabling the Group to provide consumers with the best
value proposition possible.  For example,  a higher level of automation in the production processes for
footwear and apparel manufacturing could result in productivity enhancements,  shorten lead times
and improve overall quality. 
In addition,  consolidating and upgrading our distribution centres represents an opportunity for the
Group to realise further efficiency gains,  reduce operating overheads and provide the operational
ability to drive additional revenue growth and working capital improvements.  Process improvements
in other areas of the Group's business activities could also positively impact profitability.  For
example,  further centralising ranging and product purchasing for our own-retail business could
lead to an increase in efficiency and drive additional sales,  thus helping us increase overall Group
profitability.  More consistent,  effective and efficient in-store execution could lead to an increase in
conversion and therefore drive additional sales and profitability.  In addition,  we see improvement
potential in our rental expenses for own-retail stores by negotiating more favourable contract terms
with landlords. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

179
20

Continued optimisation of key business processes and strict cost control are vital to achieving high
profitability and return on invested capital.  We are confident that there is still significant opportunity
to further streamline cost structures throughout our Group.  For example,  we continuously search
for ways to increase efficiency in our supply chain and make it truly demand-driven.  Furthermoreby implementing end-to-end planning processes and improving our replenishment capabilities,  we
see opportunities not only to better serve our customers but also to reduce our operating working
capital needs. 

Group Management Report Financial Review
Risk and Opportunity Report   /  Financial Opportunities 
/ 035 
/

Personnel opportunities
The recruitment of highly qualified talent as well as the training and development of our employeesin particular for our own-retail segment,  may help us to increase productivity,  efficiency and
employee engagement and generate better than expected top- and bottom-line results.  For
example,  a reduction of the attrition rates in our own-retail stores could increase conversion rates
as well as store productivity and also lead to lower expenses for recruiting activities.  In additionsuccessfully establishing a performance culture as well as developing key talents across the Group
may contribute positively to sales and profitability improvements. 

Macroeconomic,  socio-political and regulatory opportunities
Since we are a consumer goods company,  consumer confidence and spending can impact our
sales development.  Therefore,  better than initially forecasted macroeconomic developments,  which
support increased private consumption,  can have a positive impact on our sales and profitability. 
Low unemployment rates,  rising real incomes as well as a growing middle class with increasing
spending power are fuelling consumption,  particularly in emerging economies and,  subsequentlyour industry.  In addition,  legislative and regulatory changes,  e.g.  the elimination of trade barrierscan potentially open up new channels of distribution and positively impact Group profitability. 

Acquisition opportunities 
20

14

180

Although the Group's focus is on organic growth initiatives,  we consider acquisitions of smallerfast-growing or innovative companies as an opportunity to generate additional sales and profits. 
Furthermore,  acquisition opportunities may arise as a result of challenging macroeconomic
and competitive conditions that could lead to financial distress of companies which,  while not as
financially healthy as industry leaders,  possess certain assets that could help the adidas Group
further improve its business performance. 

Financial Opportunities
Favourable financial market changes
Favourable exchange and interest rate developments can potentially have a positive impact on the
Group's financial results.  Our Group Treasury department closely monitors the financial markets to
identify and exploit opportunities.  Translation effects from the conversion of non-euro-denominated
results into our Group's functional currency,  the euro,  might positively impact our Group's financial
performance. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Treasury,  p.  121

Group Management Report Financial Review
Management Assessment of Performance,  Risks and Opportunities,  and Outlook
­

/ 036 
/

Management Assessment of

­ erformance,  Risks and Opportunitiesand Outlook
Assessment of performance versus targets 
In 2014,  Group revenues rose 6% on a currency-neutral basis,  driven by sales increases in both
Wholesale and Retail.  Currency-neutral Group sales grew in all regions except North America,  with a
particularly strong performance in the emerging markets.  Nevertheless,  Group revenues increased
slightly below our initial guidance of a high-single-digit currency-neutral increase.  This was due
to double-digit sales declines at TaylorMade-adidas Golf.  Gross margin decreased 17 percentage
points to 476% and was thus below our initial expectations of 495% to 498%.  This development was
mainly due to negative currency effects,  higher input costs,  increased clearance activities in Russia/
CIS as well as lower product margins at TaylorMade-adidas Golf.  Operating margin excluding
goodwill impairment losses declined 21 percentage points to 66%,  below our initial guidance of
between 85% and 90%.  This development was primarily due to the negative effects from the lower
gross margin as well as higher other operating expenses as a percentage of sales.  As a result,  net
income attributable to shareholders excluding goodwill impairment losses was € 568 million.  While
this was below our initial guidance of between € 830 million and € 930 million,  we have reached
our adjusted guidance of net income attributable to shareholders of around € 650 million,  after
adjustment for the book loss in an amount of € 82 million resulting from the planned Rockport
divestiture. 
In 2014,  operating working capital and cash management were negatively impacted by increased
working capital requirements at the beginning of the year.  While we had initially expected average
operating working capital as a percentage of sales to decrease moderately in 2014,  challenges in
Russia/CIS as well as at TaylorMade-adidas Golf resulted in higher inventories at the beginning of
the year.  As a result,  average operating working capital as a percentage of sales increased versus
the prior year and thus exceeded our initial expectations. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Table 01
see Economic and Sector Development,  p.  103

181
14

We communicate our Group's financial targets on an annual basis.  We also provide updates
throughout the year as appropriate.  In 2014,  the adidas Group results were significantly impacted
by a challenging golf market,  geopolitical factors such as the crisis in Ukraine and its economic
consequences as well as volatile currency exchange rates.  In particular,  the continued depreciation
of several emerging market currencies versus the euro as well as the weakening of consumer
sentiment in Russia/CIS weighed on the Group's financial performance.  As a result,  we lowered our
full year 2014 guidance in July,  compared to our initial expectations. 

20



see Income Statement,  p.  106

see Statement of Financial Position and Statement
of Cash Flows,  p.  115

Group Management Report Financial Review
Management Assessment of Performance,  Risks and Opportunities,  and Outlook
­

/ 036 
/

Beyond our financial performance,  we also actively monitor the Group's key non-financial KPIs on a
regular basis,  as available.  From a market share perspective,  we continue to be very encouraged by
our strong performance compared to our major competitors in key emerging markets.  In particularGreater China,  Latin America and South Korea were notable standouts,  as we further improved our
market share in these markets in 2014.  In Western Europe,  we saw momentum accelerate in 2014supported by the positive effects from the 2014 FIFA World Cup.  Less pleasing,  however,  was our
underperformance in North America,  which continued in 2014.  As a result,  we have made several
changes to our organisational set-up in the market and also announced that we will step up brand
investments to engage more closely with the US consumer.  In the golf market,  despite a challenging
year for TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  we continue to enjoy healthy market share positions.  We remain
market leader in key categories such as metalwoods and irons,  with market shares above 30%
and 20%,  respectively.  A key focus for TaylorMade-adidas Golf in 2014 was the clean-up of retail
inventories,  especially in the USA.  In light of this,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf made the strategic
decision to reduce the number of new product introductions compared to previous years. 

20

14

182

We continued to maintain a very strong level of on-time in-full (OTIF) deliveries to our customers and
own-retail stores in 2014.  As in prior years,  the majority of our sales in 2014 were again generated
from products launched in the past 12 to 18 months.  In addition,  we received several awards and
industry recognitions for our new product innovations.  Finally,  our diligence and discipline in
sustainability matters continues to yield strong recognition for our Group.  In 2014,  for the 15th
consecutive time,  we were selected to join the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes (DJSI) and scored
industry-best ratings in the categories 'Supply Chain Management',  'Product Stewardship' and
'Stakeholder Engagement' in the sector 'Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury Goods'. 

see Internal Group Management System,  p.  98

see Global Operations,  p.  66
see Research and Development,  p.  73

see Sustainability,  p.  89

Assessment of overall risks and opportunities
The Group's Risk Management team aggregates all risks and opportunities reported by different
business units and functions through the quarterly risk and opportunity assessment process.  In
addition,  the Group's Executive Board discusses and assesses Group risks and opportunities on
 regular basis.  Taking into account the potential financial impact as well as the likelihood of
materialising of the risks explained within this report,  and considering the strong balance sheet
as well as the current business outlook,  we do not foresee any material jeopardy to the viability of 
01   /   adidas Group targets versus actual key metrics
2013
Results 1)

Sales (year-over-year change,  currency-neutral)

2014
Targets 1)

2014
Results 2)

2015
Outlook 2)

mid-single-digit increase 
3%

high-single-digit increase 
6%

Gross margin 
493%

495% to 498%

476%

475% to 485%

Other operating expenses (in % of sales)

423%

around prior year level 
427%

around prior year level 
Operating margin 
87% 3)

between 85% and 90%

66% 4)

between 65% and 70%

–

–

642 4)

increase at a rate of 7% to 10%

Net income from continuing operations (€ in million)
Net income attributable to shareholders (€ in million)

839 3)

830 to 930

568 4) 5)

–

Average operating working capital (in % of net sales)

209%

moderate decline 
224%

moderate decline 
Capital expenditure (€ in millions) 6)
Gross borrowings (€ in millions)

479

500 to 550

554 5)

around 600

1334

further reduction of gross
borrowings 
1873 5)

moderate decline 
1) As published on March 5,  2014.  The outlook was updated over the course of the year. 
2) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the Rockport business. 
3) Excluding goodwill impairment of € 52 million. 
4) Excluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million. 
5) Includes continuing and discontinued operations. 
6) Excluding acquisitions and finance leases. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Group Management Report Financial Review
Management Assessment of Performance,  Risks and Opportunities,  and Outlook
­

/ 036 
/

the Group as a going concern.  This assessment is also supported by the historical response to our
financing demands.  The adidas Group therefore has not sought an official rating by any of the leading
rating agencies.  We remain confident that the Group's earnings strength forms a solid basis for our
future business development and provides the resources necessary to pursue the opportunities
available to the Group.  Compared to the prior year,  our assessment of certain risks has changed
in terms of likelihood of occurrence and/or potential financial impact.  The partial changes in risk
evaluation have no substantial impact on the overall adidas Group risk profile,  which we believe
remains virtually unchanged compared to the prior year. 

see Treasury,  p.  121

see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  154

Assessment of financial outlook
In November 2010,  the Group unveiled its 2015 strategic business plan named 'Route 2015',  which
defined strategies and objectives for the period up to 2015.  In 2014,  mainly due to the continued
weakness in the golf market,  negative economic developments in Russia/CIS as well as ongoing
currency headwinds,  the Group postponed the delivery of its top- and bottom-line Route 2015
targets.  As a result,  we have been undergoing a strategic review of priorities and our organisational
set-up throughout 2014 and early 2015.  We will release details on our updated strategies at the end
of March 2015. 

see Global Brands Strategy,  p.  53
see Global Sales Strategy,  p.  49

183
20

14

In 2015,  we will see a specific emphasis on continuing to pursue growth opportunities,  while also
focusing on driving improvements in the Group's earnings.  We will increase our investments in
brand-building activities and continue to focus on innovation platforms such as Boost,  expanding
our digital activities as well as rolling out our new own-retail concepts globally. 

see Group Strategy,  p.  46

Through our extensive pipeline of new and innovative products,  which have received favourable
reviews from retailers,  as well as through tight control of inventory levels and strict cost
management,  we project top- and bottom-line improvements in our Group's financial results
in 2015.  The Group's profitability is expected to benefit primarily from higher product margins
at TaylorMade-adidas Golf as well as a more favourable pricing and product mix at adidas and
Reebok.  We believe that our outlook for 2015 is realistic within the scope of the current trading
and economic environment. 
Assuming no significant deterioration in the global economy,  we are confident to grow our top and
bottom line in 2015.  However,  the high degree of uncertainty regarding the economic outlook and
consumer sentiment in certain geographical areas,  in particular Russia/CIS,  as well as persisting
high levels of currency volatility,  represent risks to the achievement of our stated financial goals
and aspirations.  No other material event between the end of 2014 and the publication of this report
has altered our view. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
see Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  146

see Group Strategy,  p.  46

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

042
043
044
045
046
047
048

049
0410

 e s p o n s i b i l i t y S t a t e m e n t	
18 6
 u d i t o r 's R e p o r t 	
18 7
 o n s o l i d a t e d S t a t e m e n t o f F i n a n c i a l P o s i t i o n 	 18 8
Consolidated Income Statement	
19 0
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
 n c o m e 	19 1
 o n s o l i d a t e d S t a t e m e n t o f C h a n g e s i n E q u i t y	
19 2
 o n s o l i d a t e d S t a t e m e n t o f C a s h F l o w s	
194
 o t e s	19 5
  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position	2 0 7
  Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement	2 3 4
  Notes Additional Information	2 3 9
Statement of Movements of Intangible
 n d Ta n g i b l e A s s e t s	
246
 h a r e h o l d i n g s	 2 4 8
  F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S  

041

04



Consolidated Financial Statements
Responsibility Statement 
/ 041 
/

Responsibility Statement
To the best of our knowledge,  and in accordance with the applicable reporting principles,  the consolidated financial
statements give a true and fair view of the assets,  liabilities,  financial position and profit or loss of the Group,  and the
Group Management Report,  which has been combined with the Management Report of adidas AG,  includes a fair review
of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Group,  together with a description of the
material opportunities and risks associated with the expected development of the Group. 

Herzogenaurach,  February 13,  2015

 E R B E R T H A IN E R

186
20

14

CEO

ROL AND AUSCHEL
Global Sales 
GLENN BENNET T

Global Operations 
 R I C L IE D T K E

Global Brands 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
 O B IN J.  S TA L K E R
CFO



Consolidated Financial Statements
Auditor's Report 
/ 042 
/

Auditor's Report
We have audited the consolidated financial statements prepared by adidas AG,  Herzogenaurach,  comprising the statement
of financial position,  income statement,  statement of comprehensive income,  statement of changes in equity,  statement of
cash flows and the notes,  together with the management report of the Company and the Group for the business year from
January 1 to December 31,  2014.  The preparation of the consolidated financial statements and the Group management
report in accordance with IFRS,  as adopted by the EU,  and the additional requirements of German commercial law
pursuant to § 315a (1) HGB (Handelsgesetzbuch 'German Commercial Code') is the responsibility of the Company's
Executive Board.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements and on the Group
management report based on our audit. 

Our audit has not led to any reservations. 
In our opinion,  based on the findings of our audit,  the consolidated financial statements comply with IFRS,  as adopted by
the EU,  and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to § 315a (1) HGB and give a true and fair
view of the net assets,  financial position and profit or loss of the Group in accordance with these requirements.  The Group
management report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements and as a whole provides a suitable view of the
Group's position and suitably presents the opportunities and risks of future development. 
Munich,  February 18,  2015
KPMG AG
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
(Original German version signed by:)
Braun	Wolper
Wirtschaftsprüfer	Wirtschaftsprüfer
(German Public Auditor)	
(German Public Auditor)

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

187
20

We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with § 317 HGB and German generally
accepted standards for the audit of financial statements promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (Institute of
Public Auditors in Germany) (IDW).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit such that misstatements
materially affecting the presentation of the net assets,  financial position and profit or loss in the consolidated financial
statements in accordance with the applicable financial reporting framework and in the Group management report are
detected with reasonable assurance.  Knowledge of the business activities and the economic and legal environment of the
Group and expectations as to possible misstatements are taken into account in the determination of audit procedures. 
The effectiveness of the accounting-related internal control system and the evidence supporting the disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements and the Group management report are examined primarily on a test basis within
the framework of the audit.  The audit includes assessing the annual financial statements of the entities included in
consolidation,  the determination of entities to be included in consolidation,  the accounting and consolidation principles
used and significant estimates made by management,  as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements and Group management report.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 



Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 043 
/

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
..    /   adidas AG Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (IFRS)  (€ in millions)
Note 
Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Change in %

Cash and cash equivalents 


1683

1587

60

Short-term financial assets 




41

(876)

Accounts receivable 


1946

1809

76

Other current financial assets 


398

183

1179
(41)

ASSETS

Inventories 


2526

2634

Income tax receivables 
34

92

86

73

Other current assets 
10

425

506

(159)

Assets classified as held for sale 
11

272

11

22895

7347

Total current assets 
6857

72

Property,  plant and equipment 
12

1454

1238

175

Goodwill 
13

1169

1204

(29)

Trademarks 
14

1432

1419

09

Other intangible assets 
14

162

164

(08)

Long-term financial assets 
15

129

120

69

Other non-current financial assets 
16

42

30

398

Deferred tax assets 
34

577

486

188

Other non-current assets 
17

105

81

282

5070

4742

69

12417

11599

71

Total non-current assets 
20

14

188

Total assets
Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 043 
/

..    /   adidas AG Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (IFRS)  (€ in millions)
Note 
Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Change in %

(577)

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Short-term borrowings 
18

288

681

1652

Accounts payable 
1825

(95)

Other current financial liabilities 
19

91

113

(196)

Income taxes 
34

294

240

226

Other current provisions 
20

470

450

43

Current accrued liabilities 
21

1249

1147

89

Other current liabilities 
22

287

276

44

Liabilities classified as held for sale 
11

46

– 

n, a. 

4378

4732

(75)

Total current liabilities 
1584

653

1427

23



22

(591)

Pensions and similar obligations 
24

284

255

116

Deferred tax liabilities 
34

390

338

154

Other non-current provisions 
20

38

25

497

Non-current accrued liabilities 
21

81

64

270

Other non-current liabilities 
25

35

29

187

2422

1386

747

Share capital 
204

209

(23)

Reserves 
581

321

804

4839

4959

(24)

Total non-current liabilities 
Retained earnings
Shareholders' equity 
26

5624

5489

25

Non-controlling interests 
27

(7)

(8)

155

5618

5481

25

12417

11599

71

Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
189
14

18

Other non-current financial liabilities 
20

Long-term borrowings 


Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Income Statement 
/ 044 
/

Consolidated Income Statement
..    /   adidas AG Consolidated Income Statement (IFRS)  (€ in millions)
Note 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

Change 
36

Net sales 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

23%

14534

14203

Cost of sales 
7610

7202

57%

Gross profit 
6924

7001

(11%)

476%

493%

(17pp)

102

103

(11%)

30

138

142

(26%)

12,  14,  31

6203

6013

32%

427%

423%

03pp 
  (% of net sales)
Royalty and commission income
Other operating income
Other operating expenses
  (% of net sales)
Goodwill impairment losses 
13

Financial income 
33

Financial expenses 
33

(22pp)

26

(267%)

  (% of net sales)
Net income attributable to shareholders
  (% of net sales)
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
19pp 
773

(270%)

54%

(16pp)

(68)

17

n, a. 

790

(372%)

56%

(21pp)

787

(376%)

55%

(22pp)



Net income 
305%

34%



(202%)

490

Losses/gains from discontinued operations,  net of tax 
(21pp)

340

34%

  (% of net sales)

78%

271

496

Net income from continuing operations 
(284%)
(249%)

39%

  (% of income before taxes)

94
1113

564

34

67

325%

Income taxes 
14

83%

19

57%

  (% of net sales)

20

485%
(252%)

835

Income before taxes 
190

52
1181

61%

  (% of net sales)

78
883

Operating profit 


672%

Basic earnings per share from continuing operations (in €)

35

267

368

(273%)

Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (in €)

35

267

368

(273%)

Basic earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations (in €)

35

235

376

(375%)

Diluted earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations (in €)

35

235

376

(375%)

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 


Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
/ 045 
/

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
..    /   adidas AG Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (IFRS)  (€ in millions)
Note 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

496

790

(57)



(57)

Net income after taxes 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014



Items of other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (IAS 19),  net of tax 1)

24

Subtotal of items of other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified subsequently to
profit or loss
Items of other comprehensive income that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
when specific conditions are met
Net gain/(loss) on cash flow hedges,  net of tax 
211

(13)

Currency translation differences 
29

104

(309)

Subtotal of items of other comprehensive income that will be reclassified subsequently to profit
or loss when specific conditons are met 
315

(322)

Other comprehensive income 
258

(317)

Total comprehensive income 
754

473

Attributable to shareholders of adidas AG

749

467





Attributable to non-controlling interests 
191
20

14

1) Includes actuarial gains or losses relating to defined benefit obligations,  return on plan assets (excluding interest income) and the asset ceiling effect. 
Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 


Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
/ 046 
/

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
..    /   adidas AG Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (IFRS)  (€ in millions)
Note 
Capital reserve 
209

777

209

Balance at December 31,  2012

Share capital 
777

Net income recognised directly in equity
Net income
Total comprehensive income
Dividend payment 
26

Balance at December 31,  2013
Net income recognised directly in equity
Net income
Total comprehensive income
Repurchase of treasury shares 
20

14

192

26

Dividend payment 
26

Balance at December 31,  2014

(5)

204

1) Reserves for remeasurements of defined benefit plans (IAS 19),  share option plans and acquisition of shares from non-controlling interest shareholders. 
Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
777

Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
/ 046 
/

Other reserves 1)

Retained earnings 
Shareholders'
equity 
Non-controlling
interests 
Total equity 
(51)

(21)

(64)

4454

5304

(13)

5291

(312)

(13)



(320)



(317)

787

787



790

787

467



473

(282)

(282)

(1)

(283)

4959

5489

(8)

5481

259

(1)

258

490

490



496

490

749



754

(295)

(300)

(314)

(314)

(4)

(318)

4839

5624

(7)

5618

(312)

(13)



(363)

(34)

(59)

106

210

(57)

106

(257)

210

176

(57)

(117)

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
(300)

193
14

Hedging reserve 
20

Cumulative
currency
translation
differences 


Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
/ 047 
/

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
..    /   adidas AG Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (IFRS)  (€ in millions)
Note 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

835

1113

12,  13,  14,  31,  33

405

340

30

(1)

(2)

Operating activities:
Income before taxes
Adjustments for:
Depreciation,  amortisation and impairment losses
Reversals of impairment losses
Unrealised foreign exchange losses,  net 
32

10

Interest income 
33

(17)

(25)

Interest expense 
33

62

73

Losses on sale of property,  plant and equipment,  net 
16

Other non-cash income 
30,  31

Payment for external funding of pension obligations (CTA)



(1)

(1)

(65)

–

1267

1515

Increase in receivables and other assets 
(36)

(302)

Increase in inventories 
(76)

(299)

Operating profit before working capital changes 
(Decrease)/increase in accounts payable and other liabilities 
(117)

Interest paid 
151

1037

Cash generated from operations before interest and taxes 
1065

(59)

(68)

(284)

(390)

Net cash generated from operating activities continuing operations 
694

608

Net cash generated from operating activities discontinued operations 


26

701

634

(49)

(52)

Income taxes paid 
Net cash generated from operating activities 
20

14

194

Investing activities:
Purchase of trademarks and other intangible assets
Proceeds from sale of trademarks and other intangible assets 


Acquisition of subsidiaries and other business units net of cash acquired 


(422)



Proceeds from sale of property,  plant and equipment 


(499)

Purchase of property,  plant and equipment 


Interest received 
226

(36)

Purchase of investments and other long-term assets 
–

37

Proceeds from sale of short-term financial assets 
(6)

(20)

17

Net cash used in investing activities discontinued operations 
25

(531)

Net cash used in investing activities continuing operations 
(237)

(6)

(6)

(537)

Net cash used in investing activities 
(243)

–

Financing activities:
Proceeds from issue of Eurobonds 
18

990

Repayment of Eurobond 
18

(500)

–

(2)

(2)

(314)

(282)

(4)

(1)

Repayments of finance lease obligations
Dividend paid to shareholders of adidas AG

26

Dividend paid to non-controlling interest shareholders
Repurchase of treasury shares 
26

Repayments of short-term borrowings 
18

–

68

Proceeds from short-term borrowings 
(300)

67

(56)

(221)

(118)

(439)

Effect of exchange rates on cash 
50

(35)

Increase/(decrease) of cash and cash equivalents 
96

(83)

Net cash used in financing activities 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 


1587

1670

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 


1683

1587

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes 
/ 048 
/

Notes
adidas AG (hereafter also referred to as 'the company') is a listed German stock corporation and parent of the
adidas Group located at Adi-Dassler-Str.  1,  91074 Herzogenaurach,  Germany.  adidas AG and its subsidiaries
(collectively the 'adidas Group' or the 'Group') design,  develop,  produce and market a broad range of athletic and
sports lifestyle products.  The operating activities of the adidas Group are divided into six operating segments:
Wholesale,  Retail,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  Rockport,  Reebok-CCM Hockey and Other Centrally Managed Brands. 
The Wholesale segment comprises all business activities relating to the distribution of adidas and Reebok
products to retail customers. 
The Retail segment comprises all business activities relating to the sale of adidas and Reebok products directly
to end consumers through own retail and own e-commerce platforms. 
adidas and Reebok branded products include footwear,  apparel and hardware,  such as bags and balls. 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf includes the four brands TaylorMade,  adidas Golf,  Adams Golf and Ashworth.  TaylorMade
designs,  develops and distributes primarily golf clubs,  balls and accessories.  adidas Golf branded products include
footwear,  apparel and accessories.  Adams Golf designs and distributes mainly golf clubs as well as a small range
of accessories.  Ashworth designs and distributes men's and women's golf-inspired apparel and footwear. 
Rockport predominantly designs and distributes leather footwear for men and women.  Due to concrete plans to
sell the Rockport operating segment,  this segment is reported as discontinued operations as at December 312014. 

195
14

Reebok-CCM Hockey designs,  produces and distributes ice hockey equipment such as sticks,  skates and
protection gear.  In addition,  Reebok-CCM Hockey designs,  produces and distributes apparel mainly under the
brand names Reebok Hockey and CCM. 

20



The Other Centrally Managed Brands segment primarily includes the business activities of the labels Y-3 and
Porsche Design Sport by adidas as well as the business activities of the brand Five Ten in the outdoor action
sports sector.  Furthermore,  the segment also comprises the German own-retail activities of the adidas NEO label. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 


Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes 
/ 048 
/

01

General 
20

14

196

The consolidated financial statements of adidas AG as at December 31,  2014 comprise adidas AG and its
subsidiaries and are prepared in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS),  as adopted
by the European Union (EU) as at December 31,  2014,  and the additional requirements pursuant to § 315a section 1
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch HGB). 
The following new standards and interpretations and amendments to existing standards and interpretations
are applicable for the first time for financial years beginning on January 1,  2014:
/  IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements (effective date: January 1,  2014): This new standard had no
material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
/  IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements (effective date: January 1,  2014): This new standard had no impact on the Group's
financial statements. 
/  IFRS 12 Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities (effective date: January 1,  2014): This new standard required
additional disclosures in the Group's financial statements. 
/  Consolidated Financial Statements,  Joint Arrangements and Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities:
Transition Guidance (Amendments to IFRS 10,  IFRS 11 and IFRS 12) (effective date: January 1,  2014): These
amendments had no material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
/  Investment Entities (Amendments to IFRS 10,  IFRS 12 and IAS 27) (effective date: January 1,  2014): These
amendments had no impact on the Group's financial statements. 
/  IAS 27 Separate Financial Statements Revised (2011) (effective date: January 1,  2014): This amendment had
no impact on the Group's financial statements. 
/  IAS 28 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures Revised (2011) (effective date: January 1,  2014): This
amendment had no impact on the Group's financial statements. 
/  IAS 32 Amendment Offsetting Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (effective date: January 1,  2014):
This amendment had no material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
/  IAS 39 Amendment Novation of Derivatives and Continuation of Hedge Accounting (effective date: January 12014): This amendment had no impact on the Group's financial statements. 
/  IFRIC 21 Levies (effective date: January 1,  2014): This new interpretation had no material impact on the Group's
financial statements. 
New standards and interpretations as well as amendments to existing standards and interpretations are usually
not applied by the Group before the effective date.  One exception was the early application of the following
standard:
/  IAS 36 Amendment Recoverable Amount Disclosures for Non-Financial Assets (effective date: January 12014): By having applied this amendment early in the 2013 financial year,  the unintentionally introduced
requirement to disclose the recoverable amounts of cash-generating units irrespective of whether an impairment
has actually occurred is waived. 
New standards and interpretations and amendments to existing standards and interpretations that will be
effective for financial years beginning after January 1,  2014,  and which have not been applied in preparing these
consolidated financial statements are:
/  IAS 19 Amendment Defined Benefit Plans: Employee Contributions (effective date: July 1,  2014): This
amendment is not expected to have any material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
/  Improvements to IFRSs (2010  2012) (effective date: July 1,  2014): These improvements are expected to
– 
require additional disclosures in the Group's financial statements. 
/  Improvements to IFRSs (2011 – 2013) (effective date: July 1,  2014): These improvements are not expected to
have any material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
The consolidated financial statements have in principle been prepared on the historical cost basis with the
exception of certain items in the statement of financial position such as financial instruments valued at fair
value through profit or loss,  available-for-sale financial assets,  derivative financial instruments,  plan assets and
receivables,  which are measured at fair value. 
The consolidated financial statements are presented in euros (€) and,  unless otherwise stated,  all values are
presented in millions of euros (€ in millions).  Due to rounding principles,  numbers presented may not sum up
exactly to totals provided. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes 
/ 048 
/

The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with the consolidation,  accounting and
valuation principles described below. 

Principles of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of adidas AG and all its direct and indirect
subsidiaries,  which are prepared in accordance with uniform accounting principles.  A company is considered a
subsidiary if it is controlled by adidas AG.  Control exists when the adidas Group is exposed to,  or has rights tovariable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power
over the investee. 
The number of consolidated subsidiaries evolved as follows for the years ending December 31,  2014 and
December 31,  2013,  respectively:

Number of consolidated subsidiaries
2014

2013

161

177





Thereof: newly founded 




Thereof: purchased 


–

(1)

(7)

(9)

(13)

154

161

January 1
First-time consolidated subsidiaries 
Deconsolidated/divested subsidiaries
Intercompany mergers
December 31

The subsidiaries are held either directly by adidas AG or indirectly via the two holding companies adidas
Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH in Germany or adidas International B. V.  in the Netherlands. 
 schedule of the shareholdings of adidas AG is shown in Attachment II to the consolidated financial
statements  /   SHAREHOLDINGS OF ADIDAS AG,  HERZOGENAURACH,  P.  248.  This schedule comprises information about
SEE
the name,  domicile,  currency and equity of all consolidated subsidiaries as well as the respective share held in
the capital of these subsidiaries.  Furthermore,  the schedule of the shareholdings of adidas AG will be published
on the electronic platform of the German Federal Gazette. 
Within the scope of the first-time consolidation,  all acquired assets and liabilities are recognised in the
statement of financial position at fair value at the acquisition date.  A debit difference between the acquisition
cost and the proportionate fair value of assets,  liabilities and contingent liabilities is shown as goodwill.  A credit
difference is recorded in the income statement. 
Acquisitions of additional investments in subsidiaries which are already controlled are recorded as equity
transactions.  Therefore,  neither fair value adjustments of assets and liabilities nor gains or losses are recognised. 
Any difference between the cost for such an additional investment and the carrying amount of the net assets at the
acquisition date is directly recorded in shareholders' equity. 
The financial effects of intercompany transactions as well as any unrealised gains and losses arising from
intercompany business relations are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
197
14

Summary of significant
accounting policies 
20

02

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes 
/ 048 
/

Principles of measurement
The following table includes an overview of selected measurement principles used in the preparation of the
consolidated financial statements. 

Overview of selected measurement principles
Item 
Measurement principle 
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents 
Nominal amount 
Short-term financial assets 
At fair value through profit or loss 
Accounts receivable 
Amortised cost 
Inventories 
Lower of cost or net realisable value 
Assets classified as held for sale 
Lower of carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell 
Property,  plant and equipment 
Amortised cost 
Goodwill 
Impairment-only approach 
Intangible assets (except goodwill):
With definite useful life 
Amortised cost 
With indefinite useful life 
Impairment-only approach 
Other financial assets (categories according to IAS 39):
At fair value through profit or loss 
At fair value through profit or loss 
Held to maturity 
Amortised cost 
Loans and receivables 
Amortised cost 
Available-for-sale 
At fair value in other comprehensive income or at amortised
cost 
Liabilities 
198
20

14

Borrowings 
Amortised cost 
Accounts payable 
Amortised cost 
Other financial liabilities 
Amortised cost 
Provisions:
Pensions 
Projected unit credit method 
Other provisions 
Expected settlement amount 
Accrued liabilities 
Amortised cost 
Currency translation
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the respective functional currency by applying the spot
exchange rate valid at the transaction date to the foreign currency amount. 
In the individual financial statements of subsidiaries,  monetary items denominated in non-functional
currencies of the subsidiaries are generally translated into the functional currency at closing exchange rates at
the balance sheet date.  The resulting currency gains and losses are recorded directly in the income statement. 
Assets and liabilities of the Group's non-euro functional currency subsidiaries are translated into the
presentation currency,  the euro,  which is also the functional currency of adidas AG,  at closing exchange rates
at the balance sheet date.  For practical reasons,  revenues and expenses are translated at average rates for
the period which approximate the exchange rates on the transaction dates.  All cumulative differences from the
translation of equity of foreign subsidiaries resulting from changes in exchange rates are included in a separate
item within shareholders' equity without affecting the income statement. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes 
/ 048 
/

 summary of exchange rates to the euro for major currencies in which the Group operates is as follows:

Exchange rates
(€ 1 equals)

Average rates for the year ending Dec.  31
Spot rates at Dec.  31
2014

2013

2014

2013

USD

13296

13283

12141

13791

GBP

08066

08492

07789

08337

1404395

1295777

1452300

1447200

JPY
CNY

81919

81674

74291

84082

RUB

507372

422979

683033

451368

Discontinued operations
 component of the Group's business is classified as a discontinued operation if the operations and cash flows of
the component can be clearly distinguished,  operationally and for financial reporting purposes,  from the rest of
the Group and if the component either has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale,  and:
/ 
represents a separate major line of business or geographic area of operations/  part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographic area of
is
operations or
/  a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. 
is
When an operation is classified as a discontinued operation,  the comparative consolidated income statement and
consolidated statement of cash flows are restated and presented as if the operation had been discontinued from
the start of the comparative year. 

The Group uses derivative financial instruments,  such as currency options,  forward exchange contractscommodity futures as well as interest rate swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps,  to hedge its exposure
to foreign exchange,  commodity price and interest rate risks.  In accordance with its Treasury Policy,  the Group
does not enter into transactions with derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. 
Derivative financial instruments are initially recognised in the statement of financial position at fair valueand subsequently also measured at their fair value.  The method of recognising the resulting gains or losses is
dependent on the nature of the hedge.  On the date a derivative contract is entered into,  the Group designates
derivatives as either a hedge of a forecasted transaction (cash flow hedge),  a hedge of the fair value of a recognised
asset or liability (fair value hedge) or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign entity. 
Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges,  and that are
effective,  as defined in IAS 39 'Financial instruments: recognition and measurement',  are recognised in equity. 
When the effectiveness is not 100%,  the ineffective portion of the change in the fair value is recognised in the
income statement.  Accumulated gains and losses in equity are transferred to the income statement in the same
periods during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects the income statement. 
For derivative financial instruments designated as fair value hedges,  the gains or losses on the derivatives and
the offsetting gains or losses on the hedged items are recognised immediately in the income statement. 
Certain derivative transactions,  while providing effective economic hedges under the Group's risk management
policies,  may not qualify for hedge accounting under the specific rules of IAS 39.  Changes in the fair value of any
derivative instruments that do not meet these rules are recognised immediately in the income statement. 
Hedges of net investments in foreign entities are accounted for in a similar way to cash flow hedges.  If,  for
example,  the hedging instrument is a derivative (e.g.  a forward exchange contract) or,  for example,  a foreign
currency borrowing,  effective currency gains and losses in the derivative and all gains and losses arising on the
translation of the borrowing,  respectively,  are recognised in equity. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

199
20

Derivative financial instruments 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes 
/ 048 
/

The Group documents the relationship between hedging instruments and hedge objects at transaction inceptionas well as the risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking various hedge transactions.  This
process includes linking all derivatives designated as hedges to specific firm commitments and forecasted
transactions.  The Group also documents its assessment of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging
transactions are highly effective by using different methods of effectiveness testing,  such as the 'dollar offset
method' or the 'hypothetical derivative method'. 
The fair values of currency options,  forward exchange contracts and commodity futures are determined on
the basis of market conditions on the reporting dates.  The fair value of a currency option is determined using
generally accepted models to calculate option prices.  The fair market value of an option is influenced not only
by the remaining term of the option but also by additional factors,  such as the actual foreign exchange rate and
the volatility of the underlying foreign currency base.  Fair values are determined taking into consideration the
counterparty risk.  Due to immateriality,  no adjustment has been recorded.  The adidas Group has exercised
the option to calculate the amounts on counterparty level according to IFRS 13 'Fair Value Measurement'paragraph 48. 

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents represent cash at banks,  cash on hand and short-term deposits with maturities of
three months or less from the date of acquisition. 
Cash equivalents are short-term,  highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of
cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. 

Receivables and other financial assets	
Receivables and other financial assets are recognised at fair value,  which corresponds to the nominal value for
current receivables and other financial assets.  For non-current receivables and other financial assets,  the fair
value is estimated as the present value of future cash flows discounted at the market rate of interest at the
balance sheet date.  Subsequently,  these are measured at amortised cost using the 'effective interest method'. 
Required allowances,  if necessary,  are determined on the basis of individual risk assessments,  and on the ageing
structure of receivables past due. 

20

14

200

Inventories
Merchandise and finished goods are valued at the lower of cost or net realisable value,  which is the estimated
selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs
necessary to make the sale.  Costs are determined using a standard valuation method: the 'average cost method'. 
Costs of finished goods include cost of raw materials,  direct labour and the components of the manufacturing
overheads which can reasonably be attributed.  The allocation of overheads is based on the planned average
utilisation.  The net realisable value allowances are computed consistently throughout the Group based on the age
and expected future sales of the items on hand. 

Assets/liabilities and disposal groups classified as held for sale	
Assets/liabilities and disposal groups classified as held for sale are primarily non-current assets and liabilities
expected to be recovered principally through sale rather than through continuing use.  These are measured at
the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell.  Assets classified as held for sale are not
depreciated on a straight-line basis. 

Property,  plant and equipment
Property,  plant and equipment are measured at amortised cost.  This comprises any costs directly attributable
to bringing the asset to the condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
Management less accumulated depreciation (except for land and construction in progress) and accumulated
impairment losses.  Depreciation is recognised over the estimated useful life utilising the 'straight-line method'
and taking into account any potential residual value,  except where the 'declining-balance method' is more
appropriate in light of the actual utilisation pattern.  Parts of an item of property,  plant and equipment with a cost
that is significant in relation to the total cost of the item are depreciated separately. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes 
/ 048 
/

Land leases are measured at the lower of the fair value or the present value of minimum lease payments and are
depreciated on a straight-line basis over the contractually agreed lease term. 
Estimated useful lives are as follows:

Estimated useful lives of property,  plant and equipment
Years 
Land 
indefinite 
Land leases 
99

Buildings and leasehold improvements
Technical equipment and machinery as well as other equipment and furniture and fixtures 
20 – 50 1)
2 – 10

1) Or,  if shorter,  the lease term/useful life (see Note 28). 

Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.  Renewals and improvements are capitalised
and depreciated separately,  if the recognition criteria are met. 

Impairment losses	

Leases
Under finance lease arrangements,  the substantial risks and rewards associated with an asset are transferred
to the lessee.  At the beginning of the lease arrangement,  the respective asset and a corresponding liability are
recognised at the fair value of the asset or,  if lower,  the net present value of the minimum lease payments. 
For subsequent measurement,  minimum lease payments are apportioned between the finance expense and the
reduction of the outstanding liability.  The finance expense is allocated to each period during the lease term so as
to produce a constant periodic interest rate on the remaining balance of the liability.  In addition,  depreciation and
any impairment losses for the associated assets are recognised.  Depreciation is performed over the lease term
or,  if shorter,  over the useful life of the asset. 
Under operating lease agreements,  rent expenses are recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of
the lease. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

201
20

If facts and circumstances indicate that non-current assets (e.g.  property,  plant and equipment,  intangible assets
including goodwill and certain financial assets) might be impaired,  the recoverable amount is determined.  It is
measured at the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and value in use.  Non-financial instruments measured
at the recoverable amount primarily relate to impaired property,  plant and equipment being measured at
Level 3 according to IFRS 13 'Fair Value Measurement' and taking unobservable inputs (e.g.  profit or cash flow
planning) into account.  The recoverable amount for furniture and fixtures in own-retail stores is calculated using
the discounted cash flow method as part of determining the profitability of the respective own-retail stores.  An
impairment loss is recognised in other operating expenses or reported in goodwill impairment losses if the
carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount.  If there is an impairment loss for a cash-generating unit,  first
the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit is reduced.  Subsequently,  provided that
the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount,  the other non-current assets of the unit are reduced
pro rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. 
Irrespective of whether there is an impairment indication,  intangible assets with an indefinite useful life and
goodwill acquired in business combinations are tested annually for impairment. 
An impairment loss recognised in goodwill is not reversible.  With respect to all other impaired assets,  an
impairment loss recognised in prior periods is reversed affecting the income statement if there has been a change
in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.  An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent
that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of
depreciation or amortisation) if no impairment loss had been recognised. 

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes 
/ 048 
/

Goodwill 
20

14

202

Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from assets acquired in a business
combination that are not individually identified and separately recognised.  This results when the purchase cost
exceeds the fair value of acquired identifiable assets,  liabilities and contingent liabilities.  Goodwill arising from
the acquisition of a foreign entity and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets,  liabilities
and contingent liabilities of that foreign entity are treated as assets,  liabilities and contingent liabilities of the
respective reporting entity,  and are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the date of the initial consolidation. 
Goodwill is carried in the functional currency of the acquired foreign entity. 
Acquired goodwill is valued at cost and is tested for impairment on an annual basis and additionally when
there are indications of potential impairment. 
The cash-generating units are defined as the geographic regions (split into wholesale and retail) which are
responsible for the joint distribution of adidas and Reebok as well as the other operating segments TaylorMadeadidas Golf,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey.  The number of cash-generating units amounted to 23 at the point
in time of the annual impairment test.  Due to the consolidation of five former single markets (Central EuropeNorth Europe,  South Europe,  France and Iberia) into the new market Western Europe and the integration of the
market India into European Emerging Markets,  the number of cash-generating units decreased from 32 in 2013
to 23 in 2014.  At December 31,  2014,  the cash-generating unit Rockport is classified as a disposal group and is
shown in 'Assets/liabilities classified as held for sale' due to the concrete plans to divest the operating segmentleading to a further decrease in the number of cash-generating units to 22. 
The cash-generating units represent the lowest level within the Group at which goodwill is monitored for
internal management purposes.  The impairment test for goodwill has been performed based on cash-generating
units. 
The recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit is determined on the basis of value in use.  This calculation
uses cash flow projections based on the financial planning covering a six-year period in total.  The planning
is based on long-term expectations of the adidas Group and reflects in total for the cash-generating units an
average annual mid- to high-single-digit sales increase with varying forecasted growth prospects for the different
units.  For the majority of the cash-generating units of the Retail segment an increase above the Group average
is expected.  Furthermore,  we expect the operating margin to expand,  primarily driven by an improvement in the
gross margin as well as lower operating expenses as a percentage of sales.  The planning for capital expenditure
and working capital is primarily based on past experience.  The planning for future tax payments is based on
current statutory corporate tax rates of the single cash-generating units.  Cash flows beyond this six-year period
are extrapolated using steady growth rates of 17% (2013: 17%).  According to our expectations,  these growth rates
do not exceed the long-term average growth rate of the business in which each cash-generating unit operates. 
Discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of capital calculation considering a five-year average
market-weighted debt/equity structure and financing costs referencing the Group's major competitors for each
cash-generating unit.  The discount rates used are after-tax rates and reflect the specific equity and country risk
of the relevant cash-generating unit. 
In total,  goodwill impairment losses of € 78 million have been recognised in 2014 (2013: € 52 million). 
The carrying amount of the cash-generating unit Retail CIS was determined to be higher than its recoverable
amount of € 619 million and an impairment loss amounting to € 78 million was recognised in the Retail segment. 
The goodwill of this cash-generating unit is completely impaired.  The impairment losses were mainly caused
by adjusted growth assumptions due to the significant deterioration of the Russian rouble.  In 2013,  within the
Wholesale segment,  goodwill impairment losses amounted to € 23 million in Iberia (part of Western Europe since
2014),  and within the Retail segment goodwill impairment losses amounted to € 29 million in North America. 
 change in the discount rate by approximately 07 percentage points or a reduction of planned free cash
inflows by approximately 12% would cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount for the
cash-generating unit TaylorMade-adidas Golf.  For all other cash-generating units,  even an increase in the
discount rate by approximately 15 percentage points or a reduction of planned free cash inflows by approximately
30% would not result in any additional impairment requirement. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes 
/ 048 
/

The carrying amounts of acquired goodwill allocated to the respective cash-generating units and the respective
discount rates applied to the cash flow projections are as follows:

Allocation of goodwill
Goodwill
(€ in millions)

Discount rate
(after taxes)

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Wholesale Western Europe 
422

389

81%

79 – 113%

Wholesale Greater China 
168

156

78%

86%

Wholesale Other 
158

146

79 97%

87 – 105%

Wholesale 
748

691

59

55

81%

79 – 113%



76

97%

104%

71

66

78 – 112%

77 – 121%

Retail Western Europe
Retail CIS
Retail Other
Retail 
131

197

TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
290

288

73%

80%



28

82%

84%

290

316

1169

1204

Rockport
Other Businesses
Total 
Intangible assets (except goodwill)	

14

203
20

Intangible assets are valued at amortised cost.  Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line basis taking into
account any potential residual value. 
Expenditures during the development phase of internally generated intangible assets are capitalised as
incurred if they qualify for recognition under IAS 38 'Intangible Assets'. 
Estimated useful lives are as follows:

Estimated useful lives of intangible assets
Years 
Trademarks 
indefinite 
Software 
5 – 7

Patents,  trademarks and concessions 
5 – 15

The adidas Group determined that there was no impairment necessary for any of its trademarks with indefinite
useful lives in the years ending December 31,  2014 and 2013.  In addition,  an increase in the discount rate of up to
approximately 15 percentage points or a reduction of cash inflows of up to approximately 20% would not result in
any impairment requirement. 
The recoverable amount is determined on the basis of fair value less costs to sell (costs to sell are calculated
with 1% of the fair value).  The fair value is determined in discounting notional royalty savings after tax and adding
 tax amortisation benefit,  resulting from the amortisation of the acquired asset ('relief-from-royalty method'). 
These calculations use projections of net sales related royalty savings,  based on financial planning which covers
 period of five years in total.  The level of the applied royalty rate for the determination of the royalty savings is
based on contractual agreements between the adidas Group and external licensees as well as publicly available
royalty rate agreements for similar assets.  Notional royalty savings beyond this period are extrapolated using
steady growth rates of 17% (2013: 17%).  The growth rates do not exceed the long-term average growth rate of
the business to which the trademarks are allocated. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes 
/ 048 
/

The discount rate is based on a weighted average cost of capital calculation derived using a five-year average
market-weighted debt/equity structure and financing costs referencing the Group's major competitors.  The
discount rate used is an after-tax rate and reflects the specific equity and country risk.  The applied discount rate
depends on the respective intangible asset being valued and ranges between 67% and 84% (2013: between 68%
and 88%). 

Research and development
Research costs are expensed in full as incurred.  Development costs are also expensed as incurred if they do not
meet the recognition criteria of IAS 38 'Intangible Assets'. 
The Group spent € 126 million and € 124 million on product research and development (continuing operations)
for the years ending December 31,  2014 and 2013,  respectively. 

Financial assets
All purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date.  Costs of purchases include transaction
costs.  Available-for-sale financial assets include non-derivative financial assets which are not allocable under
another category of IAS 39.  If their respective fair value can be measured reliably,  they are subsequently carried at
fair value.  If this is not the case,  these are measured at amortised cost.  Realised and unrealised gains and losses
arising from changes in the fair value of financial assets are included in the income statement for the period in
which they arise,  except for available-for-sale financial assets where unrealised gains and losses are recognised
in equity unless they are impaired. 

Borrowings and other liabilities 
20

14

204

Borrowings (e.g.  Eurobonds) and other liabilities are recognised at fair value using the 'effective interest method net of transaction costs incurred.  In subsequent periods,  long-term borrowings are stated at amortised cost using
the 'effective interest method'.  Any difference between proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption
value is recognised in the income statement over the term of the borrowing. 
Compound financial instruments (e.g.  convertible bonds) are divided into a liability component shown under
borrowings and into an equity component resulting from conversion rights.  The equity component is included
in the capital reserve.  The fair value of the liability component is determined by discounting the interest and
principal payments of a comparable liability without conversion rights,  applying risk-adjusted interest rates.  The
liability component is subsequently measured at amortised cost using the 'effective interest method'.  The equity
component is determined as the difference between the fair value of the total compound financial instrument and
the fair value of the liability component and is reported within equity.  There is no subsequent measurement of
the equity component.  At initial recognition,  directly attributable transaction costs are assigned to the equity and
liability component pro rata on the basis of the respective carrying amounts. 

Other provisions and accrued liabilities	
Other provisions are recognised where a present obligation (legal or constructive) to third parties has been
incurred as a result of a past event which can be estimated reliably and is likely to lead to an outflow of resourcesand where the timing or amount is uncertain.  Other non-current provisions are discounted if the effect of
discounting is material. 
Accrued liabilities are liabilities to pay for goods or services that have been received or supplied but have not
been paid,  invoiced or formally agreed with the supplier,  including amounts due to employees.  Here,  however,  the
timing and amount of an outflow of resources is not uncertain. 

Pensions and similar obligations 	
Provisions and expenses for pensions and similar obligations relate to the Group's obligations for defined benefit
and defined contribution plans.  The obligations under defined benefit plans are determined separately for each
plan by valuing the employee benefits accrued in return for their service during the current and prior periods. 
These benefit accruals are discounted to calculate their present value,  and the fair value of any plan assets is
deducted in order to determine the net liability.  The discount rate is set on the basis of yields of high-quality
corporate bonds at the balance sheet date provided there is a deep market for high-quality corporate bonds
in a given currency.  Otherwise,  government bond yields are used as a reference.  Calculations are performed
by qualified actuaries using the 'projected unit credit method' in accordance with IAS 19 'Employee Benefits'. 
Obligations for contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised as an expense in the income statement
as incurred. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes 
/ 048 
/

Contingent liabilities	
Contingent liabilities are possible obligations that arise from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
only by the occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group. 
Additionally,  contingent liabilities may be present obligations that arise from past events but which are not
recognised because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation or the
amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.  Contingent liabilities are not recognised
in the consolidated statement of financial position but are disclosed and explained in the Notes  /   NOTE 38. 
SEE

Treasury shares
When treasury shares recognised as equity are repurchased,  the amount of the consideration paid,  which includes
directly attributable costs,  net of any tax effects,  is recognised as a deduction from equity.  The nominal value of
€ 1 per treasury share is debited to share capital.  Any premium or discount to the nominal value is shown as an
adjustment to the retained earnings.  If treasury shares are sold or re-issued,  the nominal value of the shares will
be credited to share capital. 

Recognition of revenues
Sales are recognised at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable,  net of returns,  trade discounts
and volume rebates,  when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods are transferred to the
buyer,  and when it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the Group. 
Royalty and commission income is recognised based on the contract terms on an accrual basis. 

Advertising and promotional expenditures
Production costs for media campaigns are included in prepaid expenses (other current and non-current assets)
until the services are received,  and upon receipt expensed in full.  Significant media buying costs are expensed
over the intended duration of the broadcast. 
Promotional expenses that involve payments,  including one-time up-front payments for promotion contractsare expensed on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement. 

205

Interest is recognised as income or expense as incurred using the 'effective interest method' with the exception
of interest that is directly attributable to the acquisition,  construction or production of a qualifying asset.  This
interest is capitalised as part of the cost of the qualifying asset. 

Income taxes
Current income taxes are computed in accordance with the applicable taxation rules established in the countries
in which the Group operates. 
The Group computes deferred taxes for all temporary differences between the carrying amount and the tax
base of its assets and liabilities and tax loss carry-forwards.  As it is not permitted to recognise a deferred tax
liability for goodwill,  the Group does not compute any deferred taxes thereon. 
Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences and tax loss carry-forwards which exceed
taxable temporary differences are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the company concerned will
generate sufficient taxable income to realise the associated benefit. 
Income tax is recognised in the income statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognised
directly in equity,  in which case it is recognised in equity. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
20

14

Interest 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes 
/ 048 
/

Estimation uncertainties and judgements
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of assumptions and estimates
that affect reported amounts and related disclosures.  Although such estimates are based on Management's best
knowledge of current events and actions,  actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the balance
sheet date which have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities within the next financial year are outlined in the respective Notes,  in particular goodwill  /  
SEE
NOTE 13,  trademarks  /  
SEE NOTE 14,  other provisions  /  
SEE NOTE 20,  pensions  /  
SEE NOTE 24,  derivatives  /  
SEE NOTE 29deferred taxes  /   NOTE 34 as well as litigation and other legal risks  /   NOTE 38. 
SEE
SEE
Judgements have,  for instance,  been used in classifying leasing arrangements as well as in determining
valuation methods for intangible assets. 

03

Discontinued
operations 
Plans to sell the Rockport operating segment became concrete towards the end of 2014 and a divestiture within
the next twelve months is considered as highly probable.  For this reason,  the Rockport operating segment is
reported as discontinued operations at December 31,  2014.  The focus and the strategic direction of the Group's
brand portfolio primarily lies in the field of sports with the result that the Rockport operating segment is no longer
regarded as significant in terms of the Group's strategic direction. 
The Rockport operating segment was neither classified as assets held for sale nor as discontinued operations
at December 31,  2013.  The 2013 figures of the consolidated income statement and the consolidated statement of
cash flows have been restated to show the discontinued operations separately from continuing operations. 
The results of the Rockport operating segment are shown as discontinued operations in the consolidated
income statement for all periods:

Discontinued operations
(€ in millions)

20

14

206

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Net sales 
283

289

Expenses 
264

268

19

21

Income from operating activities
Income taxes 


Income from operating activities,  net of tax
Loss recognised on the measurement to fair value less costs to sell
Income taxes 


14

17

(110)

– 

28

Loss recognised on the measurement to fair value less costs to sell,  net of tax
Losses/gains from discontinued operations,  net of tax 
– 

(82)

– 

(68)

17

Basic earnings per share from discontinued operations (€)

(032)

008

Diluted earnings per share from discontinued operations (€)

(032)

008

Losses from discontinued operations in an amount of € 68 million (2013: gains of € 17 million) are entirely
attributable to the shareholders of adidas AG. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

04

Acquisition 
Effective November 24,  2014,  Reebok International Limited completed the acquisition of Luta Ltd.  ('Luta').  Based
in London (UK),  Luta designs and sells boxing and workout clothing.  With this acquisition,  the adidas Group has
entered into a long-term partnership with 'Fight for Peace',  a non-profit organisation which combines boxing and
martial arts with education and personal development.  In addition,  this partnership facilitated the completion of
 licence agreement with the mixed martial arts organisation 'Ultimate Fighting Championship' (UFC).  The entire
business of Luta was acquired for a purchase price of GBP 5 million in cash. 
The acquisition had the following effect on the Group's assets and liabilities,  based on a preliminary purchase
price allocation:

Net assets of Luta Ltd.  at the acquisition date
(€ in millions)

Pre-acquisition
carrying amounts 
Fair value
adjustments 
Recognised values
on acquisition 
Cash and cash equivalents 


– 



Accounts receivable 


– 



Inventories 


– 



Other current assets 


– 



Property,  plant and equipment 


– 



Trademarks and similar rights 
– 





(0)

– 

(0)

Deferred tax liabilities 
– 

(1)

(1)

Net assets 






Accounts payable 
Goodwill arising on acquisition 
– 

Purchase price settled in cash 

(0)


The following valuation method for the acquired assets was applied:
/  Trademarks and similar rights: The 'relief-from-royalty method' was applied.  The fair value was determined
by discounting notional royalty savings after tax and adding a tax amortisation benefit,  resulting from the
amortisation of the acquired asset. 
The acquired subsidiary generated net sales of € 0 million as well as net losses of € 02 million in December
2014.  If this acquisition had occurred on January 1,  2014,  total Group net sales would have been € 145 billion and
net income attributable to shareholders would have been € 489 million for the year ending December 31,  2014. 

Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
05

Cash and
cash equivalents 
06

Short-term financial
­assets 
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash at banks,  cash on hand,  short-term bank deposits and investments in
money market funds.  Short-term financial assets are only shown as cash and cash equivalents if they are readily
convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. 

Short-term financial assets are classified 'at fair value through profit or loss'.  Changes in the fair value are
recognised in the income statement as they occur. 
The majority of short-term financial assets are time deposits. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
207
14

Cash outflow on acquisition 
20

Less: cash and cash equivalents acquired 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

07

Accounts receivable consist mainly of the currencies euro,  US dollar and Japanese yen and are as follows:

Accounts receivable
Accounts receivable
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

1929

Accounts receivable,  gross 
2085

Less: accumulated allowances for doubtful accounts 
(139)

(120)

Accounts receivable,  net 
1946

1809

(€ in millions)

2014

2013

Allowances at January 1

120

121

Movement in allowances for doubtful accounts 
Additions 
65

51

Reversals 
(40)

(41)

(9)

(8)



(4)

Write-offs charged against the allowance accounts
Currency translation differences
Other changes 
(1)



139

Allowances at December 31

120

Accounts receivable past due but not impaired
(€ in millions)

Past due
61 – 90 days 
Past due
91 – 180 days 
Past due
> 180 days 
Dec.  31,  2014

169

77

10





162

52







20

14

Past due
31 – 60 days 
Dec.  31,  2013

208

Past due
1 – 30 days 
With respect to accounts receivable as at the balance sheet date past due but not impaired,  based on credit history
and current credit ratings,  there are no indications that customers will not be able to meet their obligations. 
Further,  no indications of default are recognisable for accounts receivable that are neither past due nor
impaired. 
Due to concrete plans to sell the Rockport operating segment,  assets amounting to € 49 million were
transferred from 'Accounts receivable' to 'Assets classified as held for sale' at year-end 2014  /   NOTE 11. 
SEE
For further information about credit risks  /   RISK AND OPPORTUNITY REPORT,  P.  154. 
SEE

08

Other current financial
assets 
Other current financial assets consist of the following:

Other current financial assets
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Currency options 
Dec.  31,  2013

30



240

47

Security deposits 
64

69

Sundry 
64

61

398

183

Forward exchange contracts 
Other current financial assets 
For further information about currency options and forward exchange contracts  /   NOTE 29. 
SEE

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

09

Inventories by major classification are as follows:

Inventories
Inventories
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Gross value 
Allowance for
obsolescence 
Net value 
Gross value 
Allowance for
obsolescence 
Net value 
Merchandise and finished goods
on hand 
1898

(92)

1806

1872

(69)

1803

Goods in transit 
688

–

688

800

–

800

Raw materials 
34

(2)

32

31

(1)

30



–





–



2620

(94)

2526

2704

(70)

2634

Work in progress
Inventories 
Goods in transit mainly relate to shipments of finished goods and merchandise from suppliers in Asia to
subsidiaries in Europe,  Asia,  North America and Latin America. 
Due to concrete plans to sell the Rockport operating segment,  assets amounting to € 88 million were
transferred from 'Inventories' to 'Assets classified as held for sale' at year-end 2014  /   NOTE 11. 
SEE

10

Other current assets consist of the following:

Other current assets
Other current assets
Dec.  31,  2013

Prepaid expenses 
194

236

Tax receivables other than income taxes 
129

133

Sundry 
103

138

Other current assets,  gross 
426

507

Less: accumulated allowances 


425

Other current assets,  net 


506

Prepaid expenses relate mainly to promotion and service contracts as well as rents. 

11

Assets/liabilities and
­disposal groups ­classified
as held for sale 
At December 31,  2014,  part of the assets of adidas AG,  which mainly comprise land amounting to € 11 million
(2013: € 11 million),  are still presented as held for sale following a signed contract of sale,  which is still awaiting
certain conditions to be fulfilled that are not in the area of influence of the adidas Group.  The automatic accretion
of the assets,  formerly owned by GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG,  into adidas AG is
caused by the merger of the partner with limited liability GEV GmbH with adidas AG. 
In addition,  at December 31,  2014,  all assets and liabilities of the Rockport operating segment are presented
as a disposal group held for sale due to the concrete plans to sell the operating segment.  The Rockport operating
segment is part of Other Businesses. 
Impairment losses of € 104 million (before transaction costs) for write-downs of the disposal group Rockport
to the lower of its carrying amount and its fair value less costs to sell have been included in 'Losses/gains from
discontinued operations,  net of tax'  /   NOTE 03.  At December 31,  2014,  the fair value less costs to sell amounts
SEE
to € 211 million.  The impairment losses have been applied to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill,  trademarks
and other intangible assets as well as property,  plant and equipment. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
209
14

Dec.  31,  2014

20

(€ in millions)

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

At December 31,  2014,  the disposal group Rockport was stated at fair value less costs to sell and comprised the
following major classes of assets and liabilities:

Classes of assets and liabilities
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Accounts receivable 
49

Other current financial assets 


Inventories 
88

Total current assets 
139

Property,  plant and equipment 


Trademarks 
112

Other intangible assets 


Total non-current assets 
121

Total assets 
260

Accounts payable 
37

Other current provisions 


Current accrued liabilities 


Other current liabilities 


Total current liabilities 
46

Total liabilities 
46

The non-recurring fair value measurement for the disposal group has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value. 
The fair value is based on the sale and purchase agreement for the Rockport business which was signed on
January 23,  2015  /   NOTE 42.  The agreement foresees a total consideration of up to US $ 280 million,  most of
SEE
which will be paid in cash with the remainder comprised of fixed and contingent promissory notes. 

20

14

210

12

Property,  plant and
­equipment 
Property,  plant and equipment consist of the following:

Property,  plant and equipment
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Land,  land leases,  buildings and leasehold improvements
Technical equipment and machinery
Other equipment as well as furniture and fixtures 
Dec.  31,  2013

1073

802

268

254

Less: accumulated depreciation and impairment losses 
1323

1202

2664

2258

Construction in progress,  net
Property,  plant and equipment,  net 
1369

1181

1296

1077

159

161

1454

1238

Depreciation expenses were € 258 million and € 234 million for the years ending December 31,  2014 and 2013respectively  /   NOTE 31.  Impairment losses amounted to € 17 million and € 4 million for the years ending
SEE
December 31,  2014 and 2013,  respectively  /   NOTE 31.  These are related to assets within other equipment as
SEE
well as furniture and fixtures,  mainly in the Group's own-retail activities,  for which contrary to expectations there
will be an insufficient flow of future economic benefits.  In 2014,  reversals of impairment losses were recorded in
an amount of € 1 million (2013: € 2 million). 
The increase in 'Land,  land leases,  buildings and leasehold improvements' mainly relates to the acquisition
of the North American Distribution Centre in Spartanburg,  South Carolina (USA),  which was previously leased. 
Due to concrete plans to sell the Rockport operating segment,  assets amounting to € 12 million were
transferred from 'Property,  plant & equipment' to 'Assets classified as held for sale' at year-end 2014  /   NOTE 11. 
SEE
For details see Attachment I to the consolidated financial statements /   STATEMENT OF MOVEMENTS OF
SEE
INTANGIBLE AND TANGIBLE ASSETS,  P.  246. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

Goodwill primarily relates to the Group's acquisitions of the Reebok and TaylorMade businesses as well as
acquisitions of subsidiaries,  primarily in the United States,  Australia/New Zealand,  the Netherlands,  Denmark
and Italy. 

Goodwill
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Goodwill,  gross 
1588

1533

Less: accumulated impairment losses 
(419)

(329)

Goodwill,  net 
1169

1204

The majority of goodwill which primarily relates to the acquisition of the Reebok business in 2006 is denominated
in US dollars.  A currency translation effect of positive € 73 million and negative € 25 million was recorded for the
years ending December 31,  2014 and 2013,  respectively. 
The Group determines whether goodwill impairment is necessary at least on an annual basis.  This requires an
estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated.  Estimating the value
in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units
and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. 
Goodwill impairment losses for 2014 amounted to € 78 million (2013: € 52 million).  The goodwill impairment
amount related to 2014 comprises an impairment loss within the Retail segment of € 78 million (2013: € 29 million
Retail segment and € 23 million Wholesale segment). 
Future changes in expected cash flows and discount rates may lead to impairments of the reported goodwill
in the future.  For details see Attachment I to the consolidated financial statements  /   STATEMENT OF MOVEMENTS
SEE
OF INTANGIBLE AND TANGIBLE ASSETS,  P.  246. 
The reconciliation of goodwill is as follows:

Reconciliation of goodwill,  net 
211
14

Goodwill 
(€ in millions)

Wholesale 
Retail 
Other
Businesses 
Total 
691

197

316

1204

57

12



73

– 

(78)

– 

(78)

– 

– 

(30)

(30)

748

131

290

1169

January 1,  2014
Currency translation differences
Impairment losses
Transfer to assets held for sale
December 31,  2014

At December 31,  2014,  the carrying amount of acquired goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit Rockport
was transferred to 'Assets held for sale' due to the concrete plans to sell the Rockport operating segment and is
impaired completely in connection with the fair value measurement of the disposal group  /   NOTE 11. 
SEE

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
20

13

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

14

Trademarks and other
­intangible assets 
Trademarks and other intangible assets consist of the following:

Trademarks and other intangible assets
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

1276

Reebok-CCM Hockey
Other 
158

107

Rockport 
1123

– 

Reebok 
Dec.  31,  2013

94

49

44

1432

Trademarks 
1419

Software,  patents and concessions 
772

720

Less: accumulated amortisation and impairment losses 
609

556

Other intangible assets 
162

Trademarks and other intangible assets 
164

1594

1583

At December 31,  2014,  trademarks,  mainly related to the acquisition of Reebok International Ltd.  (USA) in 2006
and Ashworth,  Inc.  in 2008,  have indefinite useful lives.  This is due to the expectation of permanent use of the
acquired brand names. 
At December 31,  2014,  the Rockport trademark was transferred to 'Assets held for sale' due to the concrete
plans to sell the Rockport operating segment and is impaired by € 68 million in connection with the fair value
measurement of the disposal group  /   NOTE 11. 
SEE
The reported other trademarks mainly relate to the brand names Ashworth,  Adams Golf and Five Ten. 
The Group tests at least on an annual basis whether trademarks with indefinite useful lives are impaired.  This
requires an estimation of the fair value less costs to sell of the trademarks.  As part of this estimation,  the Group
is required to make an estimate of the expected future trademark-specific sales and appropriate arm's length
notional royalty rates and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those
cash flows.  There was no need for impairment for the years ending December 31,  2014 and 2013. 
Future changes in expected cash flows and discount rates may lead to impairments of the accounted
trademarks in the future. 
As part of the goodwill impairment test,  the Reebok trademark is allocated on a pro rata basis to the
cash-generating units.  Thereof,  the major shares relate to Retail CIS (€ 276 million),  Retail North America
(€ 209 million),  Wholesale Western Europe (€ 201 million),  Wholesale Latin America (€ 119 million) and Wholesale
North America (€ 117 million). 
Amortisation expenses for intangible assets with definite useful lives were € 58 million and € 52 million for
the years ending December 31,  2014 and 2013,  respectively  /   NOTE 31. 
SEE
For details see Attachment I to the consolidated financial statements /   STATEMENT OF MOVEMENTS OF
SEE
INTANGIBLE AND TANGIBLE ASSETS,  P.  246. 

20

14

212

15

Long-term financial
­assets 
Long-term financial assets primarily include a 833% investment in FC Bayern München AG (2013: 91%) of
€ 80 million (2013: € 80 million).  The percentage share held in the investment has decreased due to the issuance
of new shares which have been bought by another shareholder.  This investment is classified as 'fair value
through profit or loss' and recorded at fair value.  This equity security does not have a quoted market price in an
active market.  Therefore,  existing contractual arrangements were used in order to calculate the fair value as at
December 31,  2014. 
The line item 'Investments and other financial assets' comprises the shares in Immobilieninvest und
Betriebsgesellschaft Herzo-Base GmbH & Co.  KG as well as other minority shareholdings amounting to
€ 16 million (2013: € 13 million) which are classified as 'Available-for-sale' and measured at amortised cost as a
reliable determination of the fair value is impossible without having concrete negotiations regarding a sale.  These
shares are unlisted and do not have an active market.  There is no intention to sell these shares. 
Additionally,  long-term financial assets include investments which are mainly invested in insurance products
and are measured at fair value,  as well as other financial assets. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

Long-term financial assets
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Investment in FC Bayern München AG

80

80

Investments and other financial assets 
49

40

129

120

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Long-term financial assets 
16

Other non-current
­financial assets 
Other non-current financial assets consist of the following:

Other non-current financial assets
(€ in millions)

Currency options 
10

Security deposits
Sundry 






27

Forward exchange contracts 
24



Other non-current financial assets 
– 

42

30

For further information about currency options and forward exchange contracts  /   NOTE 29. 
SEE

17

Other non-current
assets 
Other non-current assets consist of the following:

Other non-current assets
Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

99

80

213
20

14

(€ in millions)

Prepaid expenses
Sundry 


Other non-current assets 


105

81

Prepaid expenses mainly include prepayments for long-term promotion contracts and rents  /   NOTES 38 AND 28. 
SEE

18

Borrowings and
credit lines 
Borrowings are denominated in a variety of currencies in which the Group conducts its business.  The largest
portions of effective gross borrowings (before liquidity swaps for cash management purposes) as at December 312014 are denominated in euros (2014: 80%; 2013: 76%) and US dollars (2014: 12%; 2013: 14%). 
The weighted average interest rate on the Group's gross borrowings decreased to 31% in 2014 (2013: 38%). 
As at December 31,  2014,  the Group had cash credit lines and other long-term financing arrangements totalling
€ 37 billion (2013: € 34 billion); thereof unused credit lines accounted for € 18 billion (2013: € 20 billion).  In
addition,  at December 31,  2014,  the Group had separate lines for the issuance of letters of credit and guarantees
in an amount of approximately € 02 billion (2013: € 02 billion). 
The Group's outstanding financings are unsecured and may include standard financial covenants,  which are
reviewed on a quarterly basis.  These covenants may include limits on the disposal of fixed assets,  the maximum
amount of debt secured by liens,  cross default provisions and change of control.  In addition,  certain financial
arrangements contain equity ratio covenants,  minimum equity covenants as well as net loss covenants. 
As at December 31,  2014,  and December 31,  2013,  shareholders' equity was well above the amount of the
minimum equity covenant.  Likewise,  the relevant amount of net income clearly exceeded net loss covenants. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

The amounts disclosed as gross borrowings represent outstanding borrowings under the following arrangements
with aggregated expiration dates as follows:

Gross borrowings as at December 31,  2014
(€ in millions)

Between
 and 3 years 
Between
 and 5 years 
More than
 years 
Total 
194

–

–

–

194

95

123

–

–

218

Eurobond 
–

–

–

990

990

Convertible bond 
–

471

–

–

471

288

594

–

990

1873

Bank borrowings incl. 
commercial paper
Private placements 
Total 
20

14

214

Up to
 year 
The above table includes two Eurobonds amounting to € 1 billion in total issued on October 1,  2014.  The seven-year
Eurobond of € 600 million matures on October 8,  2021 and has a coupon of 125%.  The twelve-year Eurobond of
€ 400 million matures on October 8,  2026 and has a coupon of 225%.  The Eurobonds have denominations of
€ 1000 each and were priced with a spread of 68 basis points and 100 basis points,  respectively,  above the
corresponding euro mid-swap rate.  The issue price was fixed at 99145% and 99357%,  respectively. 
In addition,  gross borrowings include a convertible bond for an aggregate nominal amount of € 500 million
divided into denominations of € 200000 which was issued on March 21,  2012.  The bond has a maximum maturity
(including prolongation options) until June 14,  2019.  The coupon of the bond amounts to 025% and is payable
annually,  commencing on June 14,  2013.  The bond is,  at the option of the respective holder,  convertible at any time
from and including May 21,  2012,  up to and including June 5,  2019,  into up to 606 million new or existing adidas AG
shares.  The convertible bond has a conversion premium of 40% above the reference price of € 5961,  which
resulted in an initial conversion price of € 8346 per share.  As a consequence of contractual provisions relating to
dividend protection,  the conversion price was adjusted from € 8310 to € 8256 per share.  This adjustment became
effective on May 9,  2014.  On June 14,  2017,  the bondholders have the right to call the bond at nominal value plus
interest accrued on the nominal amount.  adidas AG is entitled to redeem the remaining bonds in whole if,  at any
time,  the aggregate principal amount of bonds outstanding falls below 15% of the aggregate principal amount of
the bonds that were initially issued.  Furthermore,  as of July 14,  2017,  adidas AG is entitled to redeem the bonds in
whole if,  on 20 of 30 consecutive trading days,  the share price of adidas AG exceeds the current conversion price
of € 8256 by at least 30%. 
According to IAS 32 'Financial Instruments: Presentation',  the conversion right represented in the convertible
bond constitutes a financial instrument which is covered in the capital reserve in an amount of € 55 million after
deduction of the issuance cost.  The initial liability component amounted to € 441 million after deduction of the
issuance cost and is shown within long-term borrowings.  The initial difference of € 59 million compared to the
nominal amount of € 500 million is accrued as interest expense of the financial liability over the expected maturity
of the convertible bond using the 'effective interest method'.  As at December 31,  2013,  the financial liability
amounted to € 471 million. 

Gross borrowings as at December 31,  2013
(€ in millions)

Bank borrowings incl. 
commercial paper
Private placements
Eurobond
Convertible bond
Total 
Up to
 year 
Between
 and 3 years 
Between
 and 5 years 
More than
 years 
Total 
126

–

–

–

126

55

193

–

–

248

500

–

–

–

500

–

–

460

–

460

681

193

460

–

1334

The above table includes a Eurobond issued on July 6,  2009 in a nominal amount of € 500 million and with an initial
maturity of five years.  The Eurobond with an annual coupon of 475% was repaid on July 14,  2014. 
Furthermore,  on June 4,  2014,  a private placement amounting to € 56 million was repaid. 
For further details on future cash outflows  /   RISK AND OPPORTUNITY REPORT,  P.  154. 
SEE

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

19

Other current financial
­liabilities 
Other current financial liabilities consist of the following:

Other current financial liabilities
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Currency options 
Dec.  31,  2013





50

Forward exchange contracts 
77

Commodity futures 


–

Finance lease obligations 




Sundry 
35

29

Other current financial liabilities 
91

113

For further information about currency options,  forward exchange contracts and commodity futures  /   NOTE 29. 
SEE
For information about finance lease obligations  /   NOTE 28. 
SEE

20

Other provisions consist of the following:

Other provisions
Other provisions
(€ in millions)

Jan.  12014

Currency
translation
differences 
Usage 
Reversals 
Additions 
Transfers 
Dec.  312014

Thereof
non-current 


(54)

(3)

75

–

79

–



(38)

(10)

35



48



167



(95)

(13)

138

(8)

200

–

19



(3)

– 

13

– 

27

– 

Sundry 
175



(37)

(43)

58

– 

154

30

Other provisions 
475

15

(227)

(69)

319

(6)

508

38

Returns,  allowances and
warranty
Taxes,  other than income taxes 
Marketing provisions mainly consist of provisions for promotion contracts. 
Provisions for personnel mainly consist of provisions for short- and long-term variable compensation
components as well as of provisions for social plans relating to restructuring measures.  With regard to provisions
for early retirement,  claims for reimbursement in an amount of € 0 million (2013: € 0 million) are shown under
other non-current assets. 
Provisions for returns,  allowances and warranty primarily arise due to bonus agreements with customers
and the obligation of fulfilling customer claims with regard to the return of products sold by the Group.  The
amount of the provision follows the historical development of returns,  allowances and warranty as well as current
agreements. 
Provisions for taxes other than income taxes mainly relate to value added tax,  real estate tax and motor
vehicle tax. 
Sundry provisions mainly include provisions for customs risks as well as anticipated losses from purchases
and other transactions,  and provisions for litigation and other legal risks. 
The reversal of sundry provisions in 2014 is mainly related to the completion of customs audits and a risk
reassessment. 
Management follows past experience from similar transactions when assessing the recognition and the
measurement of other provisions; in particular,  external legal opinions are considered for provisions for customs
risks and for litigation and other legal risks.  All evidence from events until the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements is taken into account. 
The transfers include reclassifications to 'Liabilities classified as held for sale'. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
215
14

57
57

20

Marketing
Personnel 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

21

Accrued liabilities consist of the following:

Accrued liabilities
Accrued liabilities
(€ in millions)

Jan.  12014

Currency
translation
differences 
Usage 
Reversals 
Additions 
Transfers 
Dec.  312014

Thereof
non-current 
Goods and services not
yet invoiced 
460

18

(331)

(12)

367

(7)

494



Marketing and sales 
350

26

(315)

(3)

380



442



Personnel 
353

19

(200)

(29)

208



352

68

48



(41)

– 

32

– 

42



1211

65

(887)

(44)

987

(2)

1330

81

Sundry
Accrued liabilities 
Marketing accrued liabilities mainly consist of accruals for distribution,  such as discounts,  rebates and sales
commissions. 
Accrued liabilities for personnel mainly consist of accruals for outstanding salary payments,  such as bonuses
and overtime,  as well as outstanding vacation. 
Sundry accrued liabilities mainly include accruals for promotion contracts as well as accruals for interest. 
The transfers include reclassifications to 'Liabilities classified as held for sale'. 

22

Other current liabilities consist of the following:

Other current liabilities
Other current liabilities
(€ in millions)

216

Dec.  31,  2014

81

48

43

Liabilities due to social security 
20

21

Deferred income 
30

30

Customers with credit balances 
42

50

Sundry 
20

105

Liabilities due to personnel 
14

Tax liabilities other than income taxes 
Dec.  31,  2013

42

51

287

276

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Currency options 


11

Forward exchange contracts 
– 



Finance lease obligations 




Sundry 




Other non-current financial liabilities 


22

Other current liabilities 
23

Other non-current
­financial liabilities 
Other non-current financial liabilities consist of the following:

Other non-current financial liabilities
(€ in millions)

For further information about currency options and forward exchange contracts  /   NOTE 29.  For information
SEE
about finance lease obligations  /   NOTE 28. 
SEE

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

The Group has recognised post-employment benefit obligations arising from defined benefit plans.  The benefits
are provided pursuant to the legal,  fiscal and economic conditions in each respective country and mainly depend
on the employees' years of service and remuneration. 

Pensions and similar obligations
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Liability arising from defined benefit pension plans
Similar obligations 
Dec.  31,  2013

271

243

14

Pensions and similar obligations 
12

284

255

Defined contribution pension plans
The total expense for defined contribution plans amounted to € 46 million in 2014 (2013: € 47 million). 

Defined benefit pension plans	
Given the diverse Group structure,  different defined benefit pension plans exist,  comprising a variety of
post-employment benefit arrangements.  The Group's major defined benefit pension plans relate to adidas AG
and its subsidiaries in the UK and Japan.  The defined benefit pension plans generally provide payments in case
of death,  disability or retirement to former employees and their survivors.  The obligations arising from defined
benefit pension plans are partly covered by plan assets. 
In Germany,  adidas AG grants its employees contribution-based and final salary defined benefit pension
schemes,  which provide employees with entitlements in the event of retirement,  disability and death.  In
general,  German pension plans operate under the legal framework of the German Company Pensions Act
('Betriebsrentengesetz') and under the German Labour Act.  A large proportion of the pension plans are closed to
new entrants.  New employees are entitled to benefits in accordance with the adidas Pension Plan or the adidas
Management Pension Plan.  The adidas pension plan is a matching contribution plan; the contributions to this
pension plan are partly paid by the employee and partly paid by the employer.  The contributions are transferred
into benefit building blocks.  The benefits are paid out in the form of a pension,  a lump sum or instalments.  The
pension plans in Germany are financed using book reserves,  a contractual trust arrangement (CTA),  a pension
fund ('Pensionsfonds') or a provident fund ('Unterstützungskasse').  The benefits granted to some members of
the Executive Board are funded via a pension fund ('Pensionsfonds') or a provident fund ('Unterstützungskasse'). 
An insurance company is responsible for the determination and the implementation of the investment strategy. 
Further details about the pension entitlements of members of the Executive Board of adidas AG are contained in
the Compensation Report  /   COMPENSATION REPORT,  P.  28. 
SEE
The final salary defined benefit pension scheme in the UK is closed to new entrants and to future accrual. 
The benefits are mainly paid out in the form of pensions.  The scheme operates under UK trust law as well as
under the jurisdiction of the UK Pensions Regulator and therefore is subject to a minimum funding requirement. 
The Trustee Board is responsible for setting the scheme's funding objective,  agreeing the contributions with the
company and determining the investment strategy of the scheme. 
In Japan,  employees are entitled to benefits from a defined benefit plan that is not funded by plan assets. 
The benefits in case of retirement are dependent on final salary and service,  and are paid out as a lump sum. 
The pension plan is subject to Japanese labour law.  In the first six months of 2015,  it is planned to transfer the
liabilities from the defined benefit plan to a defined contribution plan. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
217
14

Pensions and similar
­obligations 
20

24

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

Breakdown of the present value of the obligation arising from defined benefit pension plans
in the major countries
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Germany 
Active members 
UK

Japan 
Germany 
UK

Japan 
178

– 

15

123

– 

14

Former employees with
vested rights 
49

50

– 

31

37

– 

Pensioners 
78



– 

70



– 

305

54

15

224

41

14

Total 
The Group's pension plans are subject to risks from changes in actuarial assumptions,  such as the discount ratesalary and pension increase rates,  and risks from changes in longevity.  A lower discount rate results in a higher
defined benefit obligation and/or in higher contributions to the pension funds.  Lower than expected performance
of the plan assets could lead to an increase in required contributions or to a decline of the funded status. 
The following tables analyse the defined benefit plans,  plan assets,  present values of the defined benefit
pension plans,  expenses recognised in the consolidated income statement,  actuarial assumptions and other
information. 

Amounts for defined benefit pension plans recognised in the consolidated statement
of financial position
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Present value of funded obligation from defined benefit pension plans 
14
20

Funded status 
391

95

(157)

Fair value of plan assets 
218

Dec.  31,  2013

(83)

234

Present value of unfunded obligation from defined benefit pension plans
Asset ceiling effect 
12

37

230



Thereof: adidas AG

199
(0)

–

Thereof: asset 
243

(0)

Thereof: adidas AG

243

212

Thereof: liability 


271
271

Net defined benefit liability 
–

The determination of assets and liabilities for defined benefit plans is based upon statistical and actuarial
valuations.  In particular,  the present value of the defined benefit obligation is driven by financial variables (such
as the discount rates or future increases in salaries) and demographic variables (such as mortality and employee
turnover).  The actuarial assumptions may differ significantly from the actual circumstances and could lead to
different cash flows. 

Weighted average actuarial assumptions
(in %)

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Discount rate 
24

37

Expected rate of salary increases 
32

32

Expected pension increases 
17

22

The weighted average actuarial assumptions as at the balance sheet date are used to determine the defined
benefit liability at that date and the pension expense for the upcoming financial year. 
The actuarial assumptions for withdrawal and mortality rates are based on statistical information available
in the various countries.  In Germany,  the Heubeck 2005 G mortality tables are used.  In the UK,  assumptions are
based on the S1NA base table with modified improvement of the life expectancy mortality tables.  In Japan,  the
'21st Life Tables revised in 2010' mortality tables are used.  The rate of the expected pension increases in Germany
was reduced to 15% for the financial year 2014 (2013: 20%). 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

As in the previous year,  the calculation of the pension liabilities in Germany is based on a discount rate determined
using the 'Mercer Yield Curve (MYC)' approach. 
Remeasurements,  such as gains or losses arising from changes in the actuarial assumptions for defined
benefit pension plans during the financial year or a return on the plan assets exceeding the interest incomeare immediately recognised outside the income statement as a change in other reserves in the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income. 

Pension expenses for defined benefit pension plans
(€ in millions)

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

16

Current service cost
Net interest 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

16





Thereof: interest cost 
12

11

Thereof: interest income 
(4)

(3)





Past service cost
Expenses for defined benefit pension plans (recognised in the consolidated income
statement)

25

24

Actuarial losses/(gains)

79

(3)
(7)





Thereof: due to experience adjustments 




Return on plan assets (not included in net interest income)

(1)

(3)

Asset ceiling effect 
(1)



77

(6)

102

18

Remeasurements for defined benefit pension plans (recognised as decrease/
(increase) in other reserves in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income)
Total 
Of the total pension expenses recorded in the consolidated income statement,  an amount of € 17 million (2013:
€ 16 million) relates to employees of adidas AG,  € 02 million (2013: € 02 million) relates to employees in the UK
and € 2 million (2013: € 2 million) relates to employees in Japan.  The amendment of pension arrangements for
members of the Executive Board of adidas AG in 2014 resulted in past service cost of € 1 million.  The pension
expense is mainly recorded within other operating expenses.  The production-related part of the pension expenses
is recognised within cost of sales. 

Present value of the defined benefit obligation
(€ in millions)

2014

2013

Present value of the obligation from defined benefit pension plans as at January 1

325

317



(6)

Current service cost 
16

16

Interest cost 
12

11

Currency translation differences 
Contribution by plan participants
Actuarial losses/(gains)



(13)

Pensions paid 


(10)

79

Thereof: due to changes in financial assumptions 
(3)

79

(7)

Thereof: due to changes in demographic assumptions 




Thereof: due to experience adjustments 




Past service cost 




Plan settlements 




427

325

Present value of the obligation from defined benefit pension plans as at December 31

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
219
14

79

Thereof: due to changes in demographic assumptions 
20

Thereof: due to changes in financial assumptions 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

In the following table,  the effects of reasonably conceivable changes in the actuarial assumptions on the present
value of the obligation from defined benefit pension plans are analysed.  In addition,  for Germany,  UK and Japan
the average duration of the obligation is shown. 

Sensitivity analysis of the obligation from defined benefit pension plans
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Germany 
UK

Japan 
Dec.  31,  2013

Germany 
UK

Japan 
Present value of the obligation from defined
benefit pension plans 
305

54

15

224

41

14

Increase in the discount rate by 05%

279

47

14

207

35

13

Reduction in the discount rate by 05%

335

63

16

243

47

15

18

30

12

16

30

12

Average duration of the obligations (in years)

Since many pension plans are closed to future accrual or are not dependent on the salary,  the salary trend plays a
minor role in determining pension obligations.  Due to the fact that about half of the benefits of the German pension
plans are paid as lump sums or instalment payments,  the pension increase rate and the mortality assumption
have significantly less impact than the discount rate when calculating the pension obligations.  In Germany,  the
pension increase rate was reduced to 15% as at December 31,  2014 (2013: 2%).  This resulted in a decrease in the
present value of the pension obligations by € 10 million as at December 31,  2014. 

Fair value of plan assets
(€ in millions)

2014

Fair value of plan assets at January 1

20

14

220

2013

83

76



(2)

Pensions paid 
(5)

(2)

Contributions by the employer 
68



Currency translation differences 
Contributions paid by plan participants 




Interest income from plan assets 




Return on plan assets (not included in net interest income)





Plan settlements 




157

83

Fair value of plan assets at December 31

Approximately 90% (2013: 83%) of the total plan assets are allocated to plan assets in the UK (2014: 26%,  2013:
44%),  Germany (2014: 59%,  2013: 30%) and Switzerland (2014: 4%,  2013: 9%). 
The adidas Group has set up a Contractual Trust Arrangement (CTA) in Germany for the purpose of funding
the pension obligations of adidas AG and insolvency insurance with regard to part of the pension obligations
of adidas AG.  The trustee is the registered association 'adidas Pension Trust e. V. ',  which was established in
December 2013.  The investment committee of the adidas Pension Trust determines the investment strategy with
the goal to match the pension liabilities as far as possible and to generate a sustainable return.  In August 2014,  an
amount of € 65 million in cash was transferred to the trustee.  The cash has been invested in equity index fundshybrid bonds,  fixed interest rate bonds and money market funds.  adidas AG does not intend to further fund the
CTA in the 2015 financial year.  Another part of the plan assets in Germany is invested in insurance contracts via
pension funds or provident funds. 
In the UK,  the plan assets are held under trust within the pension fund.  The plan assets in Switzerland are
held by a pension foundation.  The investment strategy is aligned with the structure of the pension obligations in
these countries.  In the rest of the world,  the plan assets consist predominantly of insurance contracts. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

The expected payments for the 2015 financial year amount to € 12 million.  Thereof,  € 7 million relates to benefits
directly paid to pensioners by the Group companies and € 4 million to employer contributions paid into the plan
assets.  In 2014,  the actual return on plan assets was € 6 million (2013: € 6 million). 

Composition of plan assets
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Cash and cash equivalents 
31

14

Equity instruments 
51

28

Bonds 
41

11

Real estate 




27

Pension plan reinsurance 
25

Insurance policies 




Other assets 




157

83

Fair value of plan assets 
All equities and bonds are traded freely and have a quoted market price in an active market.  The other assets
consist predominantly of foreign insurance products. 
At each balance sheet date,  the company analyses the over- or underfunding and,  where appropriate,  adjusts
the composition of plan assets. 

Other non-current liabilities consist of the following:

Other non-current liabilities
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Deferred income
Sundry 
Shareholders' equity 

22



Other non-current liabilities 
26


29

Liabilities due to personnel 
Dec.  31,  2013



35

29

The nominal capital of adidas AG ('the company') has remained unchanged since December 31,  2013.  As at the
balance sheet date,  and in the period beyond,  up to and including February 13,  2015,  it amounted to € 209216186
divided into 209216186 registered no-par-value shares ('registered shares') and is fully paid in. 
Each share grants one vote and is entitled to dividends starting from the beginning of the year it was issued. 
Treasury shares held directly or indirectly are not entitled to dividend payment in accordance with § 71b German
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz AktG).  At the balance sheet date,  and in the period beyond,  up to and
including February 13,  2015,  the company holds 4889142 treasury shares,  corresponding to a notional amount of
€ 4889142 in the nominal capital and consequently 234% of the nominal capital. 

Authorised Capital
The Executive Board of adidas AG did not utilise the existing amounts of authorised capital of up to € 95 million
in the 2014 financial year or in the period beyond the balance sheet date up to and including February 13,  2015. 
The authorised capital of the company,  which is set out in § 4 sections 2,  3 and 4 of the Articles of Association as
at the balance sheet date,  entitles the Executive Board,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to increase the
nominal capital
until June 30,  2018
/  by issuing new shares against contributions in cash once or several times by no more than € 50 million andsubject to Supervisory Board approval,  to exclude residual amounts from shareholders' subscription rights
(Authorised Capital 2013/I);
until June 30,  2016
/  by issuing new shares against contributions in kind once or several times by no more than € 25 million andsubject to Supervisory Board approval,  to exclude shareholders' subscription rights (Authorised Capital 2013/II);

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
221
14

Other non-current
­liabilities 
20

25

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

until June 30,  2018
/  by issuing new shares against contributions in cash once or several times by no more than € 20 million andsubject to Supervisory Board approval,  to exclude residual amounts from shareholders' subscription rights and to
exclude shareholders' subscription rights when issuing the new shares at a value not essentially below the stock
market price of shares with the same features; this exclusion of subscription rights can also be associated with
the listing of the company's shares on a foreign stock exchange (Authorised Capital 2013/III).  The authorisation to
exclude subscription rights pursuant to the previous sentence may,  however,  only be used to the extent that the
pro rata amount of the new shares in the nominal capital together with the pro rata amount in the nominal capital
of other shares which have been issued by the company since May 8,  2013,  subject to the exclusion of subscription
rights pursuant to or in accordance with § 186 section 3 sentence 4 AktG on the basis of an authorised capital or
following a repurchase,  or for which conversion or subscription rights or conversion or subscription obligations
were granted after May 8,  2013,  through the issuance of convertible bonds and/or bonds with warrants,  with
subscription rights excluded in accordance with § 186 section 3 sentence 4 AktG,  does not exceed 10% of the
nominal capital existing on the date of the entry of this authorisation into the commercial register or if this
amount is lower as of the respective date on which the authorisation is used. 

Contingent Capital
The following description of the Contingent Capital is based on § 4 sections 5 and 6 of the Articles of Association
of the company as well as on the underlying resolutions of the Annual General Meeting held on May 6,  2010 and
May 8,  2014.  Additional contingent capital does not exist. 

Contingent Capital 2010

20

14

222

At the balance sheet date,  the nominal capital is conditionally increased by up to € 36 million divided into not more
than 36000000 registered shares (Contingent Capital 2010).  The contingent capital increase will be implemented
only to the extent that holders or creditors of option or conversion rights or the persons obligated to exercise
option or conversion duties on bonds issued by the company or a subordinated Group company,  pursuant to the
authorisation of the Executive Board granted by the resolution adopted by the Annual General Meeting of May 62010,  up to May 5,  2015 and guaranteed by the company,  exercise their option or conversion rights or,  if they are
obliged to exercise the option or conversion duties,  meet their obligations to exercise the warrant or convert the
bond,  or to the extent that the company exercises its rights to choose to deliver shares in the company for the
total amount or partially instead of a payment and insofar as no cash settlement,  treasury shares or shares of
another public listed company are used to serve these rights.  The new shares shall be issued at the respective
option or conversion price to be established in accordance with the aforementioned authorisation resolution. 
The new shares shall carry dividend rights from the commencement of the financial year in which the shares
are issued.  The Executive Board is authorised,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to stipulate any additional
details concerning the implementation of the contingent capital increase. 
The Executive Board of adidas AG did not issue shares from the Contingent Capital 2010 in the 2014 financial
year or in the period beyond the balance sheet date up to and including February 13,  2015. 

Contingent Capital 2014
At the balance sheet date,  the nominal capital is conditionally increased by up to € 125 million divided into
not more than 12500000 registered shares (Contingent Capital 2014).  The contingent capital increase will be
implemented only to the extent that holders or creditors of option or conversion rights or the persons obligated
to exercise option or conversion duties based on bonds issued by the company or a subordinated Group companypursuant to the authorisation of the Executive Board granted by the resolution adopted by the Annual General
Meeting on May 8,  2014 (Agenda Item 7),  up to May 7,  2019 and guaranteed by the company,  exercise their option
or conversion rights or,  if they are obliged to exercise the option or conversion duties,  meet their obligations to
exercise the warrant or convert the bond,  or to the extent that the company exercises its rights to choose to deliver
shares in the company for the total amount or a part amount instead of payment of the amount due and insofar
as no cash settlement,  treasury shares or shares of another public listed company are used to serve these rights. 
The new shares will be issued at the respective option or conversion price to be established in accordance with the
aforementioned authorisation resolution.  The new shares will carry dividend rights from the commencement of
the financial year in which the shares are issued.  The Executive Board is authorised,  subject to Supervisory Board
approval,  to stipulate any additional details concerning the implementation of the contingent capital increase. 
The Executive Board of adidas AG did not issue shares from the Contingent Capital 2014 in the 2014 financial
year or in the period beyond the balance sheet date up to and including February 13,  2015. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

Convertible Bond	
On March 14,  2012,  the Executive Board,  with the approval of the Supervisory Board,  made partial use of the
authorisation of the Annual General Meeting from May 6,  2010,  and on March 21,  2012 issued a convertible bond
due on June 14,  2019 in a nominal value of € 500 million via an offer to institutional investors outside the USA
excluding shareholders' subscription rights.  In principle,  the conversion rights are exercisable between May 212012 and June 5,  2019,  subject to lapsed conversion rights as set out under § 6 section 3 or to the excluded periods
as defined by § 6 section 4 of the bond terms and conditions,  and (subject to an adjustment to the conversion
rights resulting from the dilution adjustment regulations set out under § 10 or a change of control in accordance
with § 13 of the bond terms and conditions) are convertible into 6056447 shares of the company.  The conversion
price currently amounts to € 8256 per share.  The convertible bond bears an interest rate of 025% per annum. 
Bondholders are entitled to demand early redemption of the bonds as of June 14,  2017.  As of July 14,  2017adidas AG may conduct an early redemption of the bond,  if,  on 20 of 30 consecutive trading days,  the share price
of adidas AG exceeds the current conversion price of € 8256 by at least 30%.  The bonds are listed on the Open
Market segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 

Repurchase of adidas AG shares 
Changes in the percentage of voting rights
Pursuant to § 160 section 1 no.  8 AktG,  existing shareholdings which have been notified to the company in
accordance with § 21 section 1 or section 1a of the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz –
WpHG) need to be disclosed. 
The following table reflects shareholdings reportable as at February 13,  2015 which have been notified to the
company.  The respective details are taken from the most recent voting rights notification received by the company. 
All voting rights notifications disclosed by the company in the year under review and up to and including February
13,  2015 are available on the adidas Group website  /  
WWW. ADIDAS-GROUP. COM/S/VOTING-RIGHTS-NOTIFICATIONS.  The
details on the percentage of shareholdings and voting rights may no longer be up to date. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

223
20

The authorisation of the Executive Board to repurchase treasury shares,  which was granted by the Annual General
Meeting on May 6,  2010 and which was not utilised,  was cancelled by the Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2014. 
At the same time,  the Annual General Meeting granted the Executive Board a new authorisation to repurchase
treasury shares up to an amount totalling 10% of the nominal capital until May 7,  2019.  The authorisation may be
used by the company but also by its subordinated Group companies or by third parties on account of the company
or its subordinated Group companies or third parties assigned by the company or one of its subordinated Group
companies. 
Based on the authorisation to repurchase treasury shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on May 82014,  the adidas AG Executive Board commenced a share buyback programme on November 7,  2014.  The
repurchased shares may either be cancelled (capital reduction) or else be used to meet obligations arising from
the potential conversion of the company's € 500 million convertible bond due on June 14,  2019. 
In November 2014,  1881836 shares were repurchased at an average price of € 6289,  corresponding
to a notional amount of € 1881836 in the nominal capital and consequently 090% of the nominal capital.  In
December 2014,  3007306 shares were repurchased at an average price of € 6041,  corresponding to a notional
amount of € 3007306 in the nominal capital and consequently 144% of the nominal capital.  Under the granted
authorisation,  adidas AG repurchased a total of 4889142 shares for a total price of € 299999987 (excluding
incidental purchasing costs),  i, e.  for an average price of € 6136 per share,  in a first tranche between November 72014 and December 12,  2014 inclusive.  On December 12,  2014,  the first tranche of the share buyback programme
was concluded.  The company reserves the right to continue with or to resume the share buyback programme in
the future in alignment with the published parameters.  For details  /   DISCLOSURES PURSUANT TO § 315 SECTION 4 AND
SEE
§ 289 SECTION 4 OF THE GERMAN COMMERCIAL CODE,  P.  131. 

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

Notified reportable shareholdings as at February 13,  2015
 
Notifying party 
Date of reaching,  exceeding
or falling below 
Reporting threshold 
Attributions in accordance
with WpHG

Shareholdings
in %

Number of
voting rights 
BlackRock Financial Management,  Inc. New York,  NY,  USA 1)

January 28,  2015

Exceeding 3%

§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  1,  § 22 sec.  1
sent.  1 no.  2 in conjunction with § 22
sec.  1 sent.  2,  § 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  6§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  6 in conjunction
with § 22 sec.  1 sent.  2

321

6709315

O.  Mason Hawkins,  USA 2)

January 22,  2015

Exceeding 3%

§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  6 in conjunction
with § 22 sec.  1 sent.  2

306

6398123

Southeastern Asset Management,  Inc. Memphis,  TN,  USA 2)

January 22,  2015

Exceeding 3%

§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  6

306

6398123

The Capital Group Companies,  Inc. Los Angeles,  CA,  USA 3)

December 2,  2014

Falling below 3%

§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  6 in conjunction
with § 22 sec.  1 sent.  2 and 3

288

6018378

Capital Research and Management
Company,  Los Angeles,  CA,  USA 3)

December 2,  2014

Falling below 3%

§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  6

288

6018378

BlackRock,  Inc.,  New York,  NY,  USA 4)

14

§§ 21,  22,  25,  25a 5)

499

10432583

Falling below 5%

§§ 21,  22,  25,  25a 7)

499

10431246

September 25,  2014

Falling below 3%

§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  1,  § 22 sec.  1
sent.  1 no.  2 in conjunction with § 22
sec.  1 sent.  2,  § 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  6
in conjunction with § 22 sec.  1 sent.  2§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  1 and § 22 sec. 
 sent.  1 no.  6 in conjunction with § 22
sec.  1 sent.  2

261

5465659

BlackRock International Holdings,  Inc. New York,  NY,  USA 8)

20

Falling below 5%

November 13,  2014

BlackRock Advisors Holdings,  Inc.,  New
York,  NY,  USA 8)

224

November 20,  2014

BlackRock Holdco 2,  Inc.,  Wilmington,  DEUSA 6)

September 25,  2014

Falling below 3%

§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  1,  § 22 sec.  1
sent.  1 no.  2 in conjunction with § 22
sec.  1 sent.  2,  § 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  6
in conjunction with § 22 sec.  1 sent.  2§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  1 and § 22 sec. 
 sent.  1 no.  6 in conjunction with § 22
sec.  1 sent.  2

261

5465659

BR Jersey International Holdings,  L. P. St.  Helier,  Jersey,  Channel Islands 8)

September 25,  2014

Falling below 3%

§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  1,  § 22 sec.  1
sent.  1 no.  2 in conjunction with § 22
sec.  1 sent.  2,  § 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  6
in conjunction with § 22 sec.  1 sent.  2§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  1 and § 22 sec. 
 sent.  1 no.  6 in conjunction with § 22
sec.  1 sent.  2

261

5465659

BlackRock Group Limited,  LondonGreat Britain 8)

September 25,  2014

Falling below 3%

§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  1,  § 22 sec. 
 sent.  1 no.  6 in conjunction with
§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  2,  § 22 sec.  1 sent.  1
no.  1 and § 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  6 in
conjunction with § 22 sec.  1 sent.  2

246

5138626

Garrett Thornburg,  USA 9)

August 4,  2014

Falling below 3%

§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  6 in conjunction
with § 22 sec.  1 sent.  2

273

5714818

Thornburg Investment Management,  Inc. Santa Fe,  NM,  USA 9)

August 4,  2014

Falling below 3%

§ 22 sec.  1 sent.  1 no.  6

273

5714818

1) See the company's disclosure dated February 3,  2015. 
2) See the company's disclosure dated January 26,  2015. 
3) See the company's disclosure dated December 8,  2014. 
4) See the company's disclosure dated November 26,  2014. 
5)  otification in accordance with § 25a sec.  1 WpHG: 001% (19904) in accordance with § 25a WpHG (thereof 001%  19904 held indirectly); 022% (457602) in accordance with § 25 WpHG

(thereof 022%  457602 held indirectly); 476% (9955077) in accordance with §§ 21,  22 WpHG. 
6) See the company's disclosure dated November 20,  2014. 
7)  otification in accordance with § 25a sec.  1 WpHG: 001% (22561) in accordance with § 25a WpHG (thereof 001%  22561 held indirectly); 017% (356251) in accordance with § 25 WpHG

(thereof 017%  356251 held indirectly); 480% (10052434) in accordance with §§ 21,  22 WpHG. 
8) See the company's disclosure dated September 30,  2014 and correction dated October 6,  2014. 
9) See the company's disclosure dated August 14,  2014. 

Capital management
The Group's policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to uphold investor,  creditor and market confidence
and to sustain future development of the business. 
The Group seeks to maintain a balance between a higher return on equity that might be possible with higher
levels of borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position.  The Group further aims
to maintain net debt below two times EBITDA over the long term. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

Financial leverage is defined as the ratio between net borrowings (short- and long-term borrowings less cash
and cash equivalents as well as short-term financial assets) in an amount of € 185 million (2013: negative
€ 295 million) and shareholders' equity in an amount of € 5624 billion (2013: € 5489 billion).  EBITDA (continuing
operations) amounted to € 1283 billion for the financial year ending December 31,  2014 (2013: € 1496 billion). 
The ratio between net borrowings and EBITDA (continuing operations) amounted to 01 for the financial year
ending December 31,  2014 (2013: negative 02). 

Reserves
Reserves within shareholders' equity are as follows:
/  Capital reserve: primarily comprises the paid premium for the issuance of share capital as well as the equity
component of issued convertible bonds. 
/  Cumulative currency translation differences: comprise all foreign currency differences arising from the
translation of the financial statements of foreign operations. 
/  Hedging reserve: comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of cash flow
hedges related to hedged transactions that have not yet occurred as well as of hedges of net investments in
foreign subsidiaries. 
/  Other reserves: comprise the remeasurements of defined benefit plans [consisting of the cumulative net
change of actuarial gains or losses relating to the defined benefit obligations,  the return on plan assets (excluding
interest income) and the asset ceiling effect] as well as expenses recognised for share option plans and effects
from the acquisition of non-controlling interests. 
/  Retained earnings: comprise the accumulated profits less dividends paid as well as considerations paid for the
repurchase of treasury shares exceeding the nominal value. 

Distributable profits and dividends 
27

Non-controlling interests 
This line item within equity comprises the non-controlling interests in several subsidiaries which are not directly
or indirectly attributable to adidas AG. 
Non-controlling interests are assigned to six subsidiaries as at December 31,  2014 and 2013,  respectively  /  
SEE
ATTACHMENT II TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (SEE SHAREHOLDINGS OF ADIDAS AG,  HERZOGENAURACH,  P.  248).  These
subsidiaries were partly acquired in connection with the acquisition of Reebok and partly through purchases or
foundations in the last years. 
With respect to the consolidated financial statements of adidas AG,  on a single basis,  no subsidiary has a
material non-controlling interest. 
For the following subsidiaries with non-controlling interests the main financial information is presented
combined. 

Subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests
Legal entity name 
Principle place of business 
Ownership interests held by noncontrolling interests (in %)
Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

adidas Levant Limited 
Levant 
45%

45%

adidas Levant Limited Jordan 
Jordan 
45%

45%

Life Sport Ltd. 

Israel 
49%

49%

Reebok India Company 
India 
685%

685%

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
14

225
20

Distributable profits to shareholders are determined by reference to the retained earnings of adidas AG and
calculated under German Commercial Law. 
Based on the resolution of the 2014 Annual General Meeting,  the dividend for 2013 was € 150 per share (total
amount: € 314 million).  The Executive Board of adidas AG will propose to shareholders a dividend payment of
€ 150 per dividend-entitled share for the year 2014 to be made from retained earnings of € 307 million reported
in the financial statements of adidas AG according to the German Commercial Code as at December 31,  2014.  The
subsequent remaining amount will be carried forward. 
As at December 31,  2014,  204327044 dividend-entitled shares exist,  resulting in a dividend payment of
€ 306 million. 

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

The following table presents the main financial information on subsidiaries with non-controlling interests. 

Financial information on subsidiaries with non-controlling interests
(€ in millions)

Material non-controlling
interests
Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

133

(5)





Net sales (non-Group)
Net income/loss
Net income/loss attributable to
non-controlling interests
Other comprehensive income 
(29)
(15)



Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests
Current assets 
86
15

Dec.  31,  2013

(0)

(0)





(0)

(0)





(0)

(0)

(7)

(8)

14

121

98

Current liabilities
Non-current liabilities 




(20)

Net assets 
(22)

(7)

(8)

Net assets attributable to
non-controlling interests
Net cash used in operating activities 
(6)

(23)

Net cash used in investing activities 
(3)

(5)

Net cash generated from financing
activities 
10

27

Net increase of cash and cash
equivalents 


(1)

Dividends paid to non-controlling
interests during the year 1)

14

Dec.  31,  2014

64

Non-current assets 
20

Dec.  31,  2013

37



Dec.  31,  2014

42

Total comprehensive income 
226

Total non-controlling
interests 
124

14

Other 




1) Included in net cash generated from financing activities. 

28

Leasing and service
­arrangements 
Operating leases
The Group leases primarily retail stores as well as offices,  warehouses and equipment.  The contracts regarding
these leases with expiration dates of between 1 and 11 years partly include renewal options and escalation
clauses.  Rent expenses (continuing operations),  which partly depend on net sales,  amounted to € 643 million and
€ 672 million for the years ending December 31,  2014 and 2013,  respectively. 
Future minimum lease payments for minimum lease durations on a nominal basis are as follows:

Minimum lease payments for operating leases
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

447

Within 1 year 
476

Between 1 and 5 years 
959

945

After 5 years 
277

277

1711

1669

Total 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

Finance leases
The Group also leases various premises for administration and warehousing which are classified as finance
leases. 
The net carrying amount of these assets of € 10 million and € 13 million was included in property,  plant and
equipment as at December 31,  2014 and 2013,  respectively.  For the year ending December 31,  2014,  interest
expenses (continuing operations) were € 0 million (2013: € 0 million) and depreciation expenses (continuing
operations) were € 4 million (2013: € 5 million). 
Minimum lease payments for finance leases in 2014 include land leases with a remaining lease term of
98 years.  The minimum lease payments under these contracts amount to € 11 million.  The estimated amount
representing interest is € 9 million and the present value amounts to € 2 million. 
The net present values and the minimum lease payments under these contracts over their remaining terms
up to 2017 and the land leases with a remaining lease term of 98 years are as follows:

Minimum lease payments for finance leases
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Lease payments falling due:
Within 1 year 




Between 1 and 5 years 




11

12

19

23



10

10

13

After 5 years
Total minimum lease payments
Less: estimated amount representing interest
Present value of minimum lease payments
Thereof falling due:









After 5 years 




20

Service arrangements
The Group has outsourced certain logistics and information technology functions,  for which it has entered into
long-term contracts.  Financial commitments under these contracts mature as follows:

Financial commitments for service arrangements
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

75

Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years 
Dec.  31,  2013

89

101

Within 1 year 
99

18

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
28

193

Total 
227
14

Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years 
216

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

29

Financial instruments 
Carrying amounts of financial instruments as at December 31,  2014,  according to categories of IAS 39 and their fair values
(€ in millions)

Category
according to
IAS 39

Carrying
amount
Dec.  31,  2014

Measurement according to IAS 39
Amortised
cost 
Fair value
recognised
in equity 
Fair value
recognised
in net income 
Measurement
according to
IAS 17

Fair value
Dec.  31,  2014

Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term financial assets
Accounts receivable 
n, a. 

1683

FAHfT



LaR

1946

1683

1683




1946

1946

Other current financial assets
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial assets 
n, a. 

224

FAHfT

46

LaR

128

224

224
46

46

128

128

Long-term financial assets
FAHfT

80

Available-for-sale financial assets 
Other equity investments 
AfS

49

16

80

Loans 
LaR



80



33

49


Other non-current financial assets
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial assets 
n, a. 



FAHfT

10




10

10

LaR

27

27

27

LaR

51

51

51

Bank borrowings 
FLAC

194

194

194

Private placements 
FLAC

95

95

100

Eurobond 
FLAC

– 

– 

– 

Convertible bond 
FLAC

– 

– 

– 

Accounts payable 
FLAC

1652

1652

1652

Current accrued liabilities 
FLAC

500

500

500

Assets classified as held for sale
Financial liabilities
Short-term borrowings 
20

14

228

Other current financial liabilities
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial liabilities
Finance lease obligations 
n, a. 

44

FLHfT



FLAC

35

n, a. 

44

44







35

35




Long-term borrowings
Bank borrowings 
FLAC

– 

– 

– 

Private placements 
FLAC

123

123

129

Eurobond 
FLAC

990

990

1000

Convertible bond 
FLAC

471

471

545

FLAC







Non-current accrued liabilities
Other non-current financial liabilities
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial liabilities
Finance lease obligations
Liabilities classified as held for sale 
n, a. 

– 

FLHfT



FLAC



n, a. 



FLAC

41

Thereof: aggregated by category according to IAS 39
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
141

Thereof: designated as such upon initial recognition
(Fair Value Option FVO)

−

Thereof: Held for Trading (FAHfT)

141

Loans and Receivables (LaR)

2152

Available-for-Sale Financial Assets (AfS)

49

Financial Liabilities Measured at Amortised Cost (FLAC)

4110

Financial Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Held for Trading (FLHfT)

11

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
– 

– 







7

41


41

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

Carrying amounts of financial instruments as at December 31,  2013,  according to categories of IAS 39 and their fair values
(€ in millions)

Category
according to
IAS 39

Carrying
amount
Dec.  31,  2013

Measurement according to IAS 39
Amortised
cost 
Fair value
recognised
in equity 
Fair value
recognised
in net income 
Measurement
according to
IAS 17

Fair value
Dec.  31,  2013

Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term financial assets
Accounts receivable 
n, a. 

1587

FAHfT

41

LaR

1809

1587

1587
41

41

1809

1809

Other current financial assets
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial assets 
n, a. 

43

FAHfT

10

LaR

130

43

43
10

10

130

130

Long-term financial assets
FAHfT

80

Available-for-sale financial assets 
Other equity investments 
AfS

40

13

80

Loans 
LaR



80



27

40


Other non-current financial assets
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial assets 
n, a. 



FAHfT






6



LaR

24

24

24

LaR

– 

– 

– 

Bank borrowings 
FLAC

126

126

126

Private placements 
FLAC

55

55

58

Eurobond 
FLAC

500

500

510

Convertible bond 
FLAC

– 

– 

– 

Accounts payable 
FLAC

1825

1825

1825

Current accrued liabilities 
FLAC

468

468

468

Assets classified as held for sale
Financial liabilities 
Other current financial liabilities
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial liabilities
Finance lease obligations 
n, a. 

74

FLHfT



FLAC

29

n, a. 

74

74







29

29




Long-term borrowings
Bank borrowings 
FLAC

– 

– 

– 

Private placements 
FLAC

193

193

209

Eurobond 
FLAC

– 

– 

– 

Convertible bond 
FLAC

460

460

650

FLAC

15

15

15

Non-current accrued liabilities
Other non-current financial liabilities
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial liabilities
Finance lease obligations
Liabilities classified as held for sale 
n, a. 



FLHfT

10

FLAC



n, a. 



FLAC

– 

Thereof: aggregated by category according to IAS 39
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
137

Thereof: designated as such upon initial recognition
(Fair Value Option FVO)

−

Thereof: Held for Trading (FAHfT)

137

Loans and Receivables (LaR)

1963

Available-for-Sale Financial Assets (AfS)

40

Financial Liabilities Measured at Amortised Cost (FLAC)

3671

Financial Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Held for Trading (FLHfT)

16

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 



10

10




9

– 


– 

14

229
20

Short-term borrowings 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

Fair value hierarchy of financial instruments according to IFRS 13 as at December 31,  2014
(€ in millions)

Fair value
Dec.  31,  2014

Short-term financial assets 
Level 1

Level 2





229

229

56

Level 3

56

Derivative financial instruments
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Long-term financial assets 
113

33

Financial assets 
403

323

Short-term borrowings 
294

294

Derivatives being part of a hedge 
44

44

Derivatives not being part of a hedge 
11

80 1)
80

Derivative financial instruments
11

Long-term borrowings 
1674

1545

129

Financial liabilities 
2023

1545

478

Fair value
Jan.  1,  2014

Gains 
Losses 
Fair value
Dec.  31,  2014

80



–

80

1)  his category relates to a 833% investment in FC Bayern München AG of € 80 million.  Dividends

are distributed by FC Bayern München AG instead of regular interest payments.  These dividends
are recognised in other financial income. 

Level 1 is based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
Level 2 is based on inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,  either directly (i, e.  as prices) or indirectly (i, e.  derived from prices). 
Level 3 is based on inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). 	

20

14

230
Fair value hierarchy of financial instruments according to IFRS 13 as at December 31,  2013
(€ in millions)

Fair value
Dec.  31,  2013

Short-term financial assets 
Level 1

Level 2

41

41

Derivatives being part of a hedge 
43

43

Derivatives not being part of a hedge 
16

Level 3

16

Derivative financial instruments 
Long-term financial assets 
107

27

Financial assets 
207

127

Short-term borrowings 
694

510

80 1)
80

184

Derivative financial instruments
Derivatives being part of a hedge 
77

Derivatives not being part of a hedge 
16

Long-term borrowings 
77
16

859

1160

486

Fair value
Jan.  1,  2013

1)  his category relates to a 91% investment in FC Bayern München AG of € 80 million.  Dividends

are distributed by FC Bayern München AG instead of regular interest payments.  These dividends
are recognised in other financial income. 

209

1646

Financial liabilities 
650

Gains 
Losses 
Fair value
Dec.  31,  2013

79



–

80

Level 1 is based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
Level 2 is based on inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,  either directly (i, e.  as prices) or indirectly (i, e.  derived from prices). 
Level 3 is based on inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). 	

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

Due to the short-term maturities of cash and cash equivalents,  short-term financial assets,  accounts receivable
and payable as well as other current financial receivables and payables,  their respective fair values approximate
their carrying amount. 
The fair values of non-current financial assets and liabilities are estimated by discounting expected future
cash flows using current interest rates for debt of similar terms and remaining maturities and adjusted by an
adidas Group specific credit risk premium. 
Fair values of long-term financial assets classified as 'Available-for-sale' are based on quoted market prices
in an active market or are calculated as present values of expected future cash flows. 
The fair values of currency options,  forward exchange contracts and commodity futures are determined on
the basis of market conditions at the balance sheet date.  The fair value of a currency option is determined using
generally accepted models to calculate option prices.  The fair market value of an option is influenced not only by
the remaining term of the option,  but also by other determining factors such as the actual foreign exchange rate
and the volatility of the underlying foreign currency base. 
In accordance with IFRS 13,  the following tables show the valuation methods used in measuring Level 1Level 2 and Level 3 fair values,  as well as the significant unobservable inputs used. 

Financial instruments Level 1 not measured at fair value
Type 
Valuation method 
Significant unobservable
inputs 
Category 
Convertible bond 
The fair value is based on the market price of the
convertible bond as at December 31,  2014. 

Not applicable 
FLAC

Eurobond 
The fair value is based on the market price of the
Eurobond as at December 31,  2014. 

Not applicable 
FLAC

Financial instruments Level 2 measured at fair value
Significant unobservable
inputs 
Category 
Short-term financial
assets 
The discounted cash flow method is applied,  which
considers the present value of expected paymentsdiscounted using a risk-adjusted discount rate.  Due to
their short-term maturities,  their respective fair value is
equal to the notional amount. 

Not applicable 
FAHfT

Available-for-sale
financial assets 
The fair value is based on the market price of the assets
as at December 31,  2014. 

Not applicable 
AfS

Forward exchange
contracts 
For EUR/USD,  the adidas Group applies the par methodwhich uses actively traded forward rates.  For the other
currency pairs,  the zero coupon method is applied.  The
zero method is a model for the determination of forward
rates based on deposit and swap interest rates. 

Not applicable 
n, a.  respectively
FAHfT

Currency options 
The adidas Group applies the Garman-Kohlhagen modelwhich is an extended version of the Black-Scholes
model. 

Not applicable 
n, a.  respectively
FAHfT

Commodity futures 
The fair value is determined based on commodity
forward curves,  discounted by deposit and swap interest
rates. 

Not applicable 
n, a.  respectively
FAHfT

Financial instruments Level 2 not measured at fair value
Type 
Valuation method 
Significant unobservable
inputs 
Category 
Private placements 
The discounted cash flow method is applied,  which
considers the present value of expected paymentsdiscounted using a risk-adjusted discount rate. 

Not applicable 
FLAC

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
231
14

Valuation method 
20

Type 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

Financial instruments Level 3 measured at fair value
Type 
Valuation method 
Significant unobservable
inputs 
Category 
Investment in
FC Bayern
München AG

This equity security does not have a quoted market price
in an active market.  Existing contractual arrangements
(based on the externally observable dividend policy of
Bayern München AG) are used in order to calculate the
fair value as at December 31,  2014. 

See column 'Valuation
method'

FAHfT

Net gains/losses on financial instruments recognised in the consolidated income statement
(€ in millions)

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Thereof: designated as such upon initial recognition
Loans and receivables
Available-for-sale financial assets
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
14
20

(13)

(16)

–

–

(13)

(16)

(26)

Thereof: classified as held for trading 
232

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

(13)

–

–

12

15

Net gains or losses on financial assets or financial liabilities held for trading include the effects from fair value
measurements of the derivatives that are not part of a hedging relationship,  and changes in the fair value of other
financial instruments as well as interest payments. 
Net gains or losses on loans and receivables comprise mainly impairment losses and reversals. 
Net gains or losses on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost include effects from early settlement
and reversals of accrued liabilities. 
The disclosures required by IFRS 7 'Financial Instruments: Disclosures',  paragraphs 13A to 13F ('Offsetting
financial assets and financial liabilities') as well as 31 to 42 ('Nature and Extent of Risks arising from Financial
Instruments') can be found in  /  
NOTE 07 and the Group Management Report  /  
SEE RISK AND OPPORTUNITY REPORTP.  154. 

Financial instruments for the hedging of foreign exchange risk
The adidas Group uses natural hedges and arranges forward exchange contracts,  currency options and currency
swaps to protect against foreign exchange risk.  As at December 31,  2014,  the Group had outstanding currency
options with premiums paid totalling an amount of € 0 million (2013: € 2 million).  The effective part of the currency
hedges is directly recognised in hedging reserves and as part of the acquisition costs of inventories,  respectivelyand posted into the income statement at the same time as the underlying secured transaction is recorded.  An
amount of positive € 22 million after taxes (2013: positive € 2 million) for currency options and an amount of
positive € 154 million after taxes (2013: negative € 34 million) for forward exchange contracts were recorded in
hedging reserves.  Currency option premiums impacted net income in the amount of € 3 million in 2014 (2013:
€ 4 million). 
The total time value of the currency options not being part of a hedge in an amount of negative € 0 million
(2013: negative € 4 million) was recorded in the income statement in 2014.  In 2014,  due to a change in the exposuresome of the currency hedges were terminated and consequently an amount of € 0 million was reclassified from
hedging reserves to the income statement. 
In the years ending December 31,  2014 and 2013,  hedging instruments related to product sourcing were
bought to hedge a total net amount of US $ 56 billion and US $ 52 billion,  respectively. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
/ 048 
/

The notional amounts of all outstanding currency hedging instruments,  which are mainly related to cash flow
hedges,  are summarised in the following table:

Notional amounts of all outstanding currency hedging instruments
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

6738

Forward exchange contracts
Currency options 
Dec.  31,  2013

4430

278

472

7016

Total 
4902

The comparatively high amount of forward exchange contracts is primarily due to currency swaps for liquidity
management purposes and hedging transactions. 
Of the total amount of outstanding hedges,  the following contracts related to the US dollar (i, e.  the biggest
single exposure of product sourcing):

Notional amounts of outstanding US dollar hedging instruments
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

3192

Forward exchange contracts
Currency options 
Dec.  31,  2013

2605

278

425

3470

Total 
3030

The fair value of all outstanding currency hedging instruments is as follows:

Fair values
Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

233
20

14

(€ in millions)

Positive
fair value 
Negative
fair value 
Positive
fair value 
Negative
fair value 
245

(50)

47

(79)

26

(0)

11

(13)

271

(50)

58

(92)

Forward exchange contracts
Currency options
Total 
 total net fair value of positive € 163 million (2013: negative € 36 million) for forward exchange contracts
related to hedging instruments falling under hedge accounting as per definition of IAS 39 'Financial Instruments:
Recognition and Measurement' was recorded in the hedging reserve.  The remaining net fair value of positive
€ 32 million (2013: positive € 4 million),  mainly related to liquidity swaps for cash management purposes and to
forward exchange contracts hedging intercompany dividend receivables,  was recorded in the income statement. 
The total fair value of positive € 26 million (2013: negative € 2 million) for outstanding currency options related to
cash flow hedges.  This consists of a positive time value of € 0 million (2013: positive € 8 million) and of a negative
time value of € 0 million (2013: negative € 12 million) and,  in contrast to the preceding table above,  does not
include the intrinsic value of the options. 
The fair value adjustments of outstanding cash flow hedges for forecasted sales are reported in the income
statement when the forecasted sales transactions are recorded.  The vast majority of these transactions are
forecasted to occur in 2015.  At the balance sheet date,  inventories were adjusted by negative € 1 million (2013:
positive € 20 million) which will be recognised in the income statement in 2015. 
In the hedging reserve,  a negative amount of € 4 million (2013: negative € 6 million) is included for hedging
the currency risk of net investments in foreign entities,  mainly for the subsidiaries LLC 'adidas,  Ltd. " and adidas
Sports (China) Co.  Ltd.  This reserve will remain until the investment in the foreign entity has been sold.  As at
December 31,  2014,  no ineffective part of the hedges was recorded in the income statement. 
In order to determine the fair values of its derivatives that are not publicly traded,  the adidas Group uses
generally accepted quantitative financial models based on market conditions prevailing at the balance sheet date. 
In 2014,  the fair values of the derivatives were determined applying mainly the 'par method',  which uses
actively traded forward rates. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement 
/ 048 
/

Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement
30

Other operating income consists of the following:

Other operating income
Other operating income (continuing operations)
(€ in millions)

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Income from release of accrued liabilities and other provisions 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

89

83

Income from accounts receivable previously written off 




Gains from disposal of fixed assets 




Reversals of impairment losses for intangible and tangible assets 

53

138

Other operating income 

44

Sundry income 
142

Sundry income mainly relates to income from cost reimbursements. 

31

Other operating expenses 
20

14

234

Other operating expenses include expenses for sales,  marketing,  research and development,  as well as for
logistics and central administration.  In addition,  they include impairment losses as well as depreciation of
tangible assets and amortisation of intangible assets (except goodwill impairment losses),  with the exception of
depreciation and amortisation which is included in the cost of sales. 
Marketing working budget is a material component of other operating expenses.  The marketing working
budget consists of promotion and communication spending such as promotion contracts,  advertising,  events and
other communication activities.  However,  it does not include marketing overhead expenses,  which are presented
in marketing overheads.  In 2014,  marketing working budget of continuing operations accounted for 25% (2013:
24%) of the total other operating expenses. 
Expenses for central administration include the functions IT,  Finance,  Legal,  Human Resources,  Facilities &
Services as well as General Management. 
Depreciation and amortisation expense (continuing operations) for tangible and intangible assets (except
goodwill impairment losses) and impairment losses were € 332 million and € 291 million for the years ending
December 31,  2014 and 2013,  respectively.  Thereof,  € 2 million and € 3 million were recorded within the cost of
sales as they are directly assigned to the production costs. 

Other operating expenses (continuing operations)
(€ in millions)

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Marketing working budget 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

1548

1451

Sales working budget 
375

336

Marketing overhead 1)

427

420

Sales force 1)

1915

1815

Logistics 1)

763

753

Research and development 1)

126

124

Central administration 1)

1050

1114

Other operating expenses 
6203

6013

323

282

Thereof: depreciation,  amortisation and impairment losses
1) Including personnel and administration expenses. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement 
/ 048 
/

32

Cost by nature 
Expenses are presented by function according to the 'cost of sales method' in the income statement.  Supplementary
information on the expenses by nature is detailed below. 

Cost of materials
The total cost of materials (continuing operations) relating to the amount of inventories recognised as an expense
during the period was € 7478 billion and € 7060 billion for the years ending December 31,  2014 and 2013respectively. 

Personnel expenses
Personnel expenses were as follows:

Personnel expenses (continuing operations)
(€ in millions)

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

1593

Wages and salaries
Social security contributions
Pension expenses 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

1590

178

173

71

70

1842

Personnel expenses 
1833

Personnel expenses are primarily included within other operating expenses.  Personnel expenses which are
directly attributable to the production costs of goods are included within the cost of sales. 
Financial result consists of the following:

Financial income
(€ in millions)

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Interest income from financial instruments measured at amortised cost
Interest income from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013





13

17

Interest income from non-financial assets 




Other 




19

26

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

59

73

Financial income 
Financial expenses
(€ in millions)

Interest expense on financial instruments measured at amortised cost
Interest expense on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 




Interest expense on other provisions and non-financial liabilities 




Net foreign exchange losses 


18

Other 




67

94

Financial expenses 
Interest income from financial instruments,  measured at amortised cost,  mainly consists of interest income from
bank deposits and loans. 
Interest income/expense from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss mainly includes
interest payments from investment funds as well as net interest payments from interest derivatives not being
part of a hedging relationship.  Unrealised gains/losses from fair value measurement of such financial assets are
shown in other financial income or expenses. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
235
14

Financial income/
financial expenses 
20

33

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement 
/ 048 
/

Interest expense on financial instruments measured at amortised cost mainly includes interest on borrowings
and effects from using the 'effective interest method'. 
Interest expense on other provisions and non-financial liabilities particularly includes effects from
measurement of other provisions at present value and interest on non-financial liabilities such as tax payables. 
Other financial expenses include impairment losses on other financial assets amounting to € 2 million for the
year ending December 31,  2014 (2013: € 3 million). 
Information regarding the Group's available-for-sale investments,  borrowings and financial instruments is
also included in these Notes  /   NOTES 06,  15,  18 AND 29. 
SEE

34

Income taxes 
adidas AG and its German subsidiaries are subject to German corporate and trade taxes.  For the years ending
December 31,  2014 and 2013,  the statutory corporate income tax rate of 15% plus a surcharge of 55% thereon is
applied to earnings.  The municipal trade tax is approximately 114% of taxable income. 
For non-German subsidiaries,  deferred taxes are calculated based on tax rates that have been enacted or
substantively enacted by the closing date. 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if they relate to the same fiscal authority.  The following deferred tax
assets and liabilities,  determined after appropriate offsetting,  are presented in the consolidated statement of
financial position:

Deferred tax assets/liabilities
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Deferred tax assets 
577

486

(390)

(338)

186

148

(€ in millions)

2014

2013

Deferred tax assets,  net as at January 1

Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets,  net 
20

14

236

Dec.  31,  2013

The movements of deferred taxes are as follows:

Movement of deferred taxes 
148

160

Deferred tax income 
43

14

Change in consolidated companies 1)

(1)



Change in deferred taxes on assets classified as held for sale 2)

27



Change in deferred taxes attributable to remeasurements of defined benefit plans
recorded in other comprehensive income 3)

21

(1)

Change in deferred taxes attributable to effective portion of qualifying hedging
instruments recorded in other comprehensive income 4)

(37)

(1)

Currency translation differences 
(13)

(24)

Deferred tax assets,  net as at December 31

186

148

1) See Note 04. 
2) See Note 03 and 11. 
3) See Note 24. 
4) See Note 29. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement 
/ 048 
/

Gross Group deferred tax assets and liabilities after valuation allowances,  but before appropriate offsettings,  are
attributable to the items detailed in the table below:

Deferred taxes
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Non-current assets 
183

145

Current assets 
197

166

Accrued liabilities and provisions 
250

198

Accumulated tax loss carry-forwards 
92

69

722

578

Non-current assets 
363

303

Current assets 
102

72

Deferred tax assets 
55

Deferred tax liabilities 
534

430

Deferred tax assets,  net 
186

148

Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that the realisation of the related benefit is probable.  For
the assessment of probability,  in addition to past performance and the respective prospects for the foreseeable
future,  appropriate tax structuring measures are also taken into consideration. 
Deferred tax assets for which the realisation of the related tax benefits is not probable increased from
€ 435 million to € 524 million for the year ending December 31,  2014.  These amounts mainly relate to tax losses
carried forward and unused foreign tax credits of the US tax group,  which begin to expire in 2026.  The remaining
unrecognised deferred tax assets relate to subsidiaries operating in markets where the realisation of the related
tax benefit is not considered probable. 
The Group does not recognise deferred tax liabilities for unremitted earnings of non-German subsidiaries
to the extent that they are expected to be permanently invested in international operations.  These earnings,  the
amount of which cannot be practicably computed,  could become subject to additional tax if they were remitted as
dividends or if the Group were to sell its shareholdings in the subsidiaries. 

Tax expenses
Tax expenses are split as follows:

Income tax expenses (continuing operations)
(€ in millions)

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

Current tax expenses 
315

354

Deferred tax income 
(43)

(14)

Income tax expenses 
271

340

The deferred tax income includes tax income of € 24 million in total (2013: € 25 million) related to the origination
and reversal of temporary differences. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
237
14

69

20

Accrued liabilities and provisions 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement 
/ 048 
/

The effective tax rate of the Group differs from an assumed tax rate of 30% for the year ending December 31,  2014
as follows:

Tax rate reconciliation (continuing operations)
Year ending Dec.  31,  2014

€ in millions 
Expected income tax expenses 
in %

Year ending Dec.  31,  2013

€ in millions 
in %

251

300

334

300

(117)

(141)

(133)

(120)

Non-deductible expenses 
18

22

82

74

Goodwill impairment losses 
23

28

16

14

Losses for which benefits were not recognisable
and changes in valuation allowances 
42

50

24

21



07

(35)

(31)

Tax rate differentials 
Changes in tax rates
Other,  net 


Withholding tax expenses 
01



01

224

268

289

259

47

56

51

46

271

Income tax expenses 
325

340

305

For 2013,  the line item 'Non-deductible expenses' includes tax expenses of in total € 27 million related to the
resolution of domestic tax audits for prior years. 
For 2014 and 2013,  the effective tax rate is affected by non-tax-deductible goodwill impairment losses. 
Excluding the goodwill impairment losses,  the effective tax rate is 297% and 290%,  respectively. 
For 2014,  the line item 'Losses for which benefits were not recognisable and changes in valuation allowances'
mainly relates to changes in valuation allowances of the US tax group. 
For 2013,  the line item 'Changes in tax rates' mainly reflects a UK tax rate deduction effective in 2013. 

20

14

238

35

Earnings per share 
Basic earnings per share from continuing operations are calculated by dividing the net income from continuing
operations attributable to shareholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the yearexcluding ordinary shares purchased by the adidas Group and held as treasury shares. 
Basic earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations are calculated by dividing the net
income attributable to shareholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the yearexcluding ordinary shares purchased by the adidas Group and held as treasury shares. 
 dilutive effect from 606 million potential shares arising from the convertible bond does not apply in 2014 as
the conversion right does not have any value as at the balance sheet date  /   NOTE 18. 
SEE

Earnings per share
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Net income from continuing operations (€ in millions)
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests (€ in millions)
Net income from continuing operations attributable to shareholders (€ in millions)
Weighted average number of shares 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

564

773





558

770

208776457

209216186

Basic and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (in €)

267

368

Net income attributable to shareholders (€ in millions)

490

787

208776457

209216186

235

376

Weighted average number of shares
Basic and diluted earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations
(in €)

For further information on basic and diluted earnings per share from discontinued operations  /   NOTE 03. 
SEE

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes Additional Information 
/ 048 
/

Notes Additional Information
The Group operates predominantly in one industry segment the design,  distribution and marketing of athletic
and sports lifestyle products. 
Following the Group's internal management reporting and in accordance with the definition of IFRS 8
'Operating Segments',  six operating segments have been identified: Wholesale,  Retail,  TaylorMade-adidas GolfRockport,  Reebok-CCM Hockey and Other Centrally Managed Brands.  According to the criteria of IFRS 8 for
reportable segments,  the business segments Wholesale and Retail are reported separately,  while the remaining
are aggregated under Other Businesses due to their only subordinate materiality. 
The Wholesale segment comprises all business activities relating to the distribution of adidas and Reebok
products to retail customers. 
The Retail segment comprises all business activities relating to the sale of adidas and Reebok products
directly to end consumers through own retail and own e-commerce platforms. 
The operating segment TaylorMade-adidas Golf comprises the brands TaylorMade,  adidas Golf,  Adams Golf
and Ashworth. 
The Other Centrally Managed Brands segment primarily includes the business activities of the labels Y-3
and Porsche Design Sport by adidas as well as the business activities of the brand Five Ten in the outdoor action
sports sector.  Furthermore,  the segment also comprises the German own-retail activities of the adidas NEO label. 
Certain centralised Group functions do not meet the definition of IFRS 8 for a reportable operating segment. 
This includes functions such as central treasury,  global sourcing as well as other headquarter departments. 
Assets,  liabilities,  income and expenses relating to these corporate functions are presented together with other
non-allocable items and intersegment eliminations in the reconciliations. 
Compared to the 2013 consolidated financial statements,  Rockport is shown in the segmental reporting as
discontinued operations. 
The chief operating decision maker for the adidas Group has been defined as the joint Executive Board of
adidas AG. 
There are no intersegment sales between the reportable segments.  Accounting and valuation policies applied
for reporting segmental information are the same as those used for the adidas Group  /   NOTE 02. 
SEE
The results of the operating segments are reported in the line item 'Segmental operating profit'.  This is
defined as gross profit minus costs directly attributable to the segment or the group of segments (primarily sales
and logistics costs) before marketing working budget expenditures and operating overhead costs not directly
attributable. 
Segmental assets include accounts receivable as well as inventories.  Only these items are reported to the
chief operating decision maker on a regular basis.  Depreciation,  amortisation,  impairment losses (except for
goodwill) and reversals of impairment losses as well as capital expenditures for tangible and intangible assets
are part of the segmental reporting,  even though segmental assets do not contain tangible and intangible assets. 
Depreciation and amortisation as well as impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses not directly
attributable to a segment or a group of segments are presented under HQ/Consolidation in the reconciliations. 
Segmental liabilities only contain accounts payable from operating activities as there are no other liability
items reported regularly to the chief operating decision maker. 
Interest income and interest expenses as well as income taxes are not allocated to the reportable segments
and are not reported separately to the chief operating decision maker. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
239
14

Segmental information 
20

36

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes Additional Information 
/ 048 
/

Segments 
 

(€ in millions)

Wholesale 
2014

Retail 
Other Businesses
(continuing
operations)

Other Businesses
(discontinued
operations)

Other Businesses
(total)

Total 
2013

2014

2013

2014

2013

2014

2013

2014

2013

2014

2013

14492

Net sales (non-Group)

9376

9100

3842

3446

1316

1657

283

289

1599

1946

14817

Segmental operating profit 
3100

3082

673

678

254

455

46

54

300

508

4074

4269

Segmental assets 
2945

2763

799

898

706

621

139

128

846

749

4590

4410

Segmental liabilities 
358

360

125

99

134

147

37

30

171

176

654

635

Capital expenditure 
71

62

134

139

20

22





26

28

232

229

Depreciation and amortisation 
52

45

93

87









14

11

159

143

Impairment losses and
reversals of impairment losses 
(1)



16















16



Reconciliations
The following tables include reconciliations of segmental information to the aggregate numbers of the
consolidated financial statements,  taking into account items which are not directly attributable to a segment or
 group of segments. 

Net sales (non-Group)
(€ in millions)

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Reportable segments 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

20

14

240

13218

12546

Other Businesses 
1599

1946

Reclassification to discontinued operations 
(283)

(289)

14534

14203

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

3774

3760

Total 
Operating profit
(€ in millions)

Operating profit for reportable segments
Operating profit for Other Businesses
Segmental operating profit
HQ/Consolidation 
300

508

4074

4269

245

293

Marketing working budget 
(1548)

(1451)

Other operating expenses 
(1944)

(1979)

Royalty and commission income 
102

103

Reclassification to discontinued operations 
(46)

(54)

Operating profit 
883

1181

Financial income 
19

26

Financial expenses 
(67)

(94)

Income before taxes 
835

1113

Operating profit of centralised functions which do not represent a segment,  such as central treasury and global
sourcing,  is shown under HQ/Consolidation. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes Additional Information 
/ 048 
/

Capital expenditure
(€ in millions)

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

205

Reportable segments 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

201

Other Businesses 
26

28

HQ/Consolidation 
322

250

Total 
554

479

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

146

132

Depreciation and amortisation
(€ in millions)

Reportable segments
Other Businesses 
14

11

Reclassification to discontinued operations 
(7)

(5)

HQ/Consolidation 
156

143

Total 
309

281

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

Impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses
(€ in millions)

Reportable segments 
15







HQ/Consolidation 
78

52

Total 
94

54

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

3744

3661

241
20

14

Reclassification to discontinued operations 




Other Businesses 
Assets
(€ in millions)

Accounts receivable and inventories of reportable segments
Accounts receivable and inventories of Other Businesses
Non-segmental accounts receivable and inventories 
749

4590

Segmental assets 
846

4410

Other current assets 
22

33

2086

Current financial assets 
1811

789

Reclassification to assets classified as held for sale 
603

5070

Non-current assets 
4742

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
(139)

–

12417

Total 
11599

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes Additional Information 
/ 048 
/

Liabilities
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Accounts payable of reportable segments 
483

459

Accounts payable of Other Businesses 
171

176

Segmental liabilities 
654

Current financial liabilities 
635

1035

Non-segmental accounts payable 
1190

379

794

Other current liabilities 
2346

2113

Non-current liabilities 
2422

1386

Reclassification to liabilities classified as held for sale 
(37)

–

6799

6118

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

Footwear 
6939

6873

Apparel 
6281

5813

Hardware 
1597

1806

Reclassification to discontinued operations 
(283)

(289)

14534

14203

Total 
Product information
Net sales (non-Group)
(€ in millions)

Total 
Geographical information 
20

14

242

Net sales (non-Group) are shown in the geographic market in which the net sales are realised.  Non-current
assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of the respective subsidiary independent of
the segmental structure and consist of tangible assets,  goodwill,  trademarks,  other intangible assets and other
non-current assets. 

Geographical information
(€ in millions)

Net sales (non-Group)

Non-current assets 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

Dec.  31,  2014

Western Europe 
4138

3800

1619

European Emerging Markets 
1959

1894

563

608

North America 
3124

3362

1107

1023

Greater China 
1811

1655

359

296

Other Asian Markets 
2157

2206

438

483

Latin America 
1627

1575

236

208









(283)

(289)

– 

– 

14534

14203

4322

4106

HQ/Consolidation
Reclassification to discontinued operations
Total 
Dec.  31,  2013

1488

With regard to Germany,  Western Europe contains net sales (non-Group) (continuing operations) amounting to
€ 827 million and € 724 million as well as non-current assets amounting to € 806 million and € 739 million for
the years 2014 and 2013,  respectively.  With regard to the USA,  North America contains net sales (non-Group)
(continuing operations) amounting to € 2579 billion and € 2782 billion as well as non-current assets amounting
to € 833 million and € 862 million for the years 2014 and 2013,  respectively. 
The reporting by segments will be adjusted starting 2015 in order to reflect the new internal management
reporting.  In the future,  the management and reporting of the Group will no longer be split into Wholesale and
Retail as well as Other Businesses,  but into geographical markets and Other Businesses. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes Additional Information 
/ 048 
/

37

Additional cash flow
­information 
In 2014,  the increase in cash generated from operating activities compared to the prior year was primarily due to
lower working capital requirements. 
Net cash outflow from investing activities in 2014 was mainly related to spending for property,  plant and
equipment such as investments in the furnishing and fitting of stores in the Retail segment,  in new office buildingswarehouses and IT systems. 
Cash outflows from financing activities were mainly related to the dividend paid to shareholders of adidas AG
and to the repurchase of treasury shares. 

Net cash generated from discontinued operations
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Dec.  31,  2013

Net cash generated from operating activities 
19

23

Net cash used in investing activities 
(7)

(6)

Net cash used in/generated from financing activities 
Other financial commitments
The Group has other financial commitments for promotion and advertising contracts,  which mature as follows:

Financial commitments for promotion and advertising
(€ in millions)

Dec.  31,  2014

Within 1 year 
Dec.  31,  2013

836

724

2590

Between 1 and 5 years 
2054

After 5 years 
1766

1013

Total 
5193

3791

243
14

Commitments and
­contingencies 
– 
17

20

38

– 
12

Total 
Commitments with respect to promotion and advertising contracts maturing after five years have remaining
terms of up to 16 years from December 31,  2014. 
Commitments for promotion and advertising contracts increased by € 14 billion compared to December 312013 due to the conclusion of new contracts and the prolongation of existing partnerships.  The increase mainly
resulted from the long-term promotion contract concluded with Manchester United F. C. 
Information regarding commitments under lease and service contracts is also included in these Notes  /  
SEE
NOTE 28. 

Litigation and other legal risks	
The Group is currently engaged in various lawsuits resulting from the normal course of business,  mainly in
connection with distribution agreements as well as intellectual property rights.  The risks regarding these lawsuits
are covered by provisions when a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made  /   NOTE 20.  In
SEE
the opinion of Management,  the ultimate liabilities resulting from such claims will not materially affect the assetsliabilities,  financial position and profit or loss of the Group. 
In connection with the financial irregularities at Reebok India Company in 2012,  various legal uncertainties
were identified.  The risks cannot be assessed conclusively.  However,  based on legal opinions and internal
assessments,  Management assumes that the effects will not have any material influence on the assets,  liabilitiesfinancial position and profit or loss of the Group. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes Additional Information 
/ 048 
/

39

Related party disclosures 
40

Other information 
According to the definitions of IAS 24 'Related Party Disclosures',  the Supervisory Board and the Executive
Board of adidas AG were identified as related parties who solely received remuneration in connection with their
function as key management personnel.  For information about the remuneration of the Supervisory Board and the
Executive Board of adidas AG  /   NOTE 40  /   COMPENSATION REPORT,  P.  28. 
SEE
SEE
In addition,  adidas Pension Trust e. V.,  a registered association,  is regarded as a related party.  Based on a
Contractual Trust Arrangement,  adidas Pension Trust e. V.  manages the plan assets in the form of an administrative
trust to fund and protect part of the pension obligations of adidas AG  /   NOTE 24.  Employees,  senior executives
SEE
and members of the Executive Board of adidas AG can be members of the registered association.  adidas AG has
the right to claim a refund of pension payments from adidas Pension Trust e. V.  under specific contractually agreed
conditions. 

Employees
The average numbers of employees are as follows:

Employees
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2014

Own retail 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2013

30785

26130

Sales 
4095

4521

Logistics 
6034

5952

Marketing 
3999

3800

Central administration 
4569

4450

Production 
1499

1601

Research and development 
1036

1029

Information technology 
1108

1035

53125

48518

Total 
20

14

244

Accountant service fees for the auditor of the financial statements	
The expenses for the audit fees comprise the expenses of adidas AG,  Herzogenaurach,  as well as all German
subsidiaries of adidas AG.  In 2014,  the expenses for the professional service fees of the auditor KPMG AG
amounted to € 10 million (2013: € 10 million). 
Expenses for tax consultancy services provided by the auditor,  for other confirmation services provided by the
auditor and for other services provided by the auditor amounted to € 01 million (2013: € 01 million),  € 10 million
(2013: € 00 million) and € 03 million (2013: € 01 million),  respectively. 

Remuneration of the Supervisory Board and the Executive Board of adidas AG
Supervisory Board
Pursuant to the Articles of Association,  the Supervisory Board members' fixed annual payment amounted to
€ 09 million (2013: € 09 million). 
Members of the Supervisory Board were not granted any loans in 2014. 
Executive Board
In 2014,  the overall compensation of the members of the Executive Board totalled € 59 million (2013: € 99 million)€ 54 million thereof relates to short-term benefits (2013: € 56 million) and € 05 million to long-term benefits
(2013: € 43 million).  Post-employment benefits (costs for accrued pension entitlements for members of the
Executive Board) totalled € 28 million (2013: € 09 million). 
In 2014,  former members of the Executive Board and their survivors received pension payments totalling
€ 35 million (2013: € 34 million). 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes   /  Notes Additional Information 
/ 048 
/

Pension obligations relating to former members of the Executive Board and their survivors amount in total to
€ 595 million (2013: € 483 million). 
In connection with the mutually agreed termination of Erich Stamminger's Executive Board mandate as of
March 6,  2014,  the termination of his Executive Board service contract was agreed at the same time.  Until that
date,  he was granted the contractual payments as agreed  /   COMPENSATION REPORT,  P.  28.  The entitlements
SEE
agreed under the contract remained in effect until that date. 
In accordance with the provisions of his final agreement,  Erich Stamminger was paid compensation in the
amount of € 01 million for post-contractual competition prohibition.  Hereunder,  Erich Stamminger agreed not to
work for a key competitor of the adidas Group in the period until July 8,  2014. 
Members of the Executive Board were not granted any loans in 2014. 
Further information on disclosures according to § 314 section 1 no.  6a German Commercial Code
(Handelsgesetzbuch HGB) is provided in the Compensation Report  /   COMPENSATION REPORT,  P.  28. 
SEE

41

Information pursuant to § 161 German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz AktG)

Information relating to
the German Corporate
Governance Code 
On February 12,  2015,  the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of adidas AG issued the updated Declaration
of Compliance in accordance with §161 AktG.  The full text of the Declaration of Compliance is available on the
Group's corporate website. 

42

Group-specific subsequent events
On January 23,  2015,  the adidas Group announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement to sell
its Rockport business for a total consideration of up to US $ 280 million,  most of which will be paid in cash
with the remainder comprised of notes.  The transaction,  which is subject to customary closing conditions,  is
expected to be completed later in 2015.  Due to concrete plans to sell the Rockport operating segment,  it is
reported as discontinued operations as at December 31,  2014  /   NOTE 03,  leading to a non-operational effect
SEE
in the consolidated income statement in an amount of negative € 68 million  /   ADIDAS AG CONSOLIDATED INCOME
SEE
STATEMENT (IFRS),  P.  190. 

The Executive Board of adidas AG prepared and approved the consolidated financial statements for submission
to the Supervisory Board on February 13,  2015.  It is the Supervisory Board's task to examine the consolidated
financial statements and give their approval and authorisation for issue. 
Herzogenaurach,  February 13,  2015
The Executive Board of adidas AG

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
245
14

Date of preparation 
20

Events after the balance
sheet date 


Consolidated Financial Statements
Statement of Movements of Intangible and Tangible Assets 
/ 049 
/

Statement of Movements of Intangible and Tangible Assets
..    /   Statement of Movements of Intangible and Tangible Assets  (€ in millions)
Goodwill 
Trademarks 
Software,  patents and
concessions 
January 1,  2013

1569

1484

689

Currency effect 
(35)

(65)

(23)

Additions 
–

–

51

Transfers 
–

–

(4)

Acquisition cost 
Disposals 
–

–

(10)

1533

1419

704

111

193

36

Additions 
–

–

48

Increase in companies consolidated 
–

–



(56)

(180)

(15)

December 31,  2013/January 1,  2014
Currency effect 
Transfers to assets held for sale
Transfers 
–

–

(20)

Disposals 
–

(0)

(31)

1588

1432

730

December 31,  2014
Accumulated depreciation,  amortisation and impairment
January 1,  2013

287



527

Currency effect 
(10)

(0)

(19)
49

Additions 
–



52

–



Reversals of impairment losses 
–

–

(0)

Transfers 
–

–

–

Disposals 
–

–

(9)

329



549

38



30

–



47

78

–



Reversals of impairment losses 
–

–

–

Transfers to assets held for sale 
(26)

–

(12)

Impairment losses 
20

14

246

December 31,  2013/January 1,  2014
Currency effect
Additions
Impairment losses 
Transfers 
–

–



Disposals 
–

(0)

(21)

419



592

January 1,  2013

1281

1484

162

December 31,  2013

1204

1419

155

December 31,  2014

1169

1432

138

December 31,  2014
Net carrying amount 
Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Statement of Movements of Intangible and Tangible Assets 
/ 049 
/

ATTACHMENT I
Internally
generated software 
Total intangible
assets 
Land,  land leasesbuildings and leasehold
improvements 
Technical equipment
and machinery 
Other equipmentfurniture and fixtures 
Construction in
progress 
Total tangible
assets 
10

3752

670

199

1203

189

2262

–

(123)

(20)

(12)

(86)

(4)

(121)



52

75

40

175

138

427





87

42

32

(162)

(2)

–

(10)

(10)

(15)

(123)

(1)

(148)

16

3672

802

254

1202

161

2419

–

340

41

(8)





44



50

181

32

182

109

504

–



–

–

–

–

–

–

(251)

(10)

(6)

(15)

(0)

(31)

25



70



35

(118)

(5)

(1)

(32)

(10)

(13)

(84)

(1)

(108)

41

3792

1074

268

1323

159

2823

233

102

832



1167

(29)

(10)

(9)

(67)

(0)

(85)



52

35

29

170

–

234

–

52







–



–

(0)

(0)

(0)

(2)

–

(2)

–

–

11



(11)

–



–

(9)

(8)

(14)

(115)

–

(137)



885

262

109

810



1181

–

68

20

(6)

15

(0)

30

10

58

42

35

181

–

258

–

78



–



–

17

–

–

(0)

(0)

(0)

–

(1)

–

(38)

(6)

(4)

(9)

–

(19)

–





(0)

(2)

–

(0)

(1)

(22)

(9)

(12)

(76)

–

(97)

17

1029

320

122

926



1369



2933

437

97

371

189

1095



2787

540

145

392

161

1238

24

2763

753

145

397

159

1454

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
247
14

819

–

20



10

Consolidated Financial Statements
Shareholdings 
/ 0410 
/

Shareholdings
..    /   Shareholdings of adidas AG,  Herzogenaurach  (at December 31,  2014)
Company and domicile 
ATTACHMENT II
Currency 
Equity (currency units
in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 1)

in %

100

Germany
 adidas Insurance & Risk Consultants GmbH 2)

Herzogenaurach (Germany)

EUR

26

directly 
 adidas Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH 2)

Herzogenaurach (Germany)

EUR

391990

directly 
100

 adidas CDC Immobilieninvest GmbH

Herzogenaurach (Germany)

EUR

11806

12

100

 adidas Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH 3)

Herzogenaurach (Germany)

EUR

4347

98

100

Europe (incl.  Middle East and Africa)
 adidas sport gmbh 
Cham (Switzerland)

CHF

6869

directly 
100

 adidas Austria GmbH

Klagenfurt (Austria)

EUR

6271

directly 
9589



411

 adidas France S, a, r, l. 

Landersheim (France)

EUR

122058

23

100

 adidas International B. V. 

Amsterdam (Netherlands)

EUR

6689379

directly 
9397



603

 adidas International Trading B. V. 

Amsterdam (Netherlands)

EUR

732621



100

Amsterdam (Netherlands)

EUR

48335



100

10 adidas International Marketing B. V. 
11 adidas International Finance B. V. 

Amsterdam (Netherlands)

EUR

13610



100

12 adidas International Property Holding B. V. 

Amsterdam (Netherlands)

EUR

60126

109

100

13 adidas Infrastructure Holding B. V. 

Amsterdam (Netherlands)

EUR





100

14 adidas Benelux B. V. 

Amsterdam (Netherlands)

EUR

2104

directly 
100

15 Rockport (Europe) B. V. 

14

5446

90

100

EUR

(4038)



100

Stockport (Great Britain)

GBP

39000

23

100

18 adidas (ILKLEY) Limited 6) 3)

20

USD

Amsterdam (Netherlands)

17 adidas (UK) Limited 6)

248

Amsterdam (Netherlands)

16 Hydra Ventures B. V. 

Stockport (Great Britain)

GBP

– 

17

100

19 LARA SPORT (UK) Limited 6) 3)

Stockport (Great Britain)

GBP

– 

17

100

20 Sarragan (UK) Limited 6) 3)

Stockport (Great Britain)

GBP

– 

17

100

21 adidas Trefoil Trading (U.K. ) Limited 6) 3)

Stockport (Great Britain)

GBP

– 

20

100

22 Three Stripes Limited 6) 3)

Stockport (Great Britain)

GBP

– 

17

50

18

50



651

23 Reebok International Limited 9)

London (Great Britain)

EUR

1366928057

96

349

24 Trafford Park DC Limited 
London (Great Britain)

GBP

351

13

100

25 RBK Holdings Limited 3) 9)

London (Great Britain)

GBP

– 

96

89

89

11

26 Reebok Sports Limited 3)

London (Great Britain)

USD

– 

23

100

27 J. W.  Foster & Sons (Athletic Shoes) Limited 3) 9)

London (Great Britain)

GBP

– 

23

100

28 The Rockport Company Limited 3) 9)

London (Great Britain)

GBP

– 

23

100

29 Reebok Eastern Trading Limited 3)

London (Great Britain)

USD

– 

23

100

30 Reebok Pensions Management Limited 3) 9)

London (Great Britain)

GBP

– 

23

100

31 Reebok Europe Holdings 
London (Great Britain)

GBP

25570

23

100

32 Luta Limited 9)

London (Great Britain)

GBP

– 

23

100

33 Adams Golf,  U.K.  Ltd.  3) 11)

London (Great Britain)

GBP

– 

86

100

34 Taylor Made Golf Limited 4)

Basingstoke (Great Britain)

GBP

(599)



100

35 Ashworth U.K.  Ltd.  3) 4)

Bristol (Great Britain)

GBP

– 

34

100

36 adidas (Ireland) Limited 
Dublin (Ireland)

EUR

2485



100
100

37 adidas International Re Limited 
Dublin (Ireland)

EUR

18791



38 Reebok Ireland Limited 3)

Dublin (Ireland)

EUR

56

36

100

39 adidas Belgium NV

Brussels (Belgium)

EUR

2763

14

100

40 Five Ten Europe NV 3)

Wavre (Belgium)

EUR

(36)

99

100

41 adidas Espana S. A. U. 

Zaragoza (Spain)

EUR

36181



100

42 adidas Finance Spain S. A. U. 

Zaragoza (Spain)

EUR

35579

96

100

43 Global Merchandising,  S. L. 

Madrid (Spain)

EUR

1102



100

44 adidas Italy S, p. A. 

Monza (Italy)

EUR

42942



100

45 adidas Portugal Artigos de Desporto,  S. A. 

Lisbon (Portugal)

EUR

7217



100

1) The number refers to the number of the company   2) Profit and loss transfer agreement   3) Companies with no active business   4) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Limited
5) Sub-group adidas India Private Ltd.    6) Sub-group adidas (UK) Limited   7) Sub-group Sports Licensed Division of the adidas Group,  LLC   8) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  U.S.,  Inc. 
9) Sub-group Reebok International Limited   10) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.    11) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Shareholdings 
/ 0410 
/

Shareholdings of adidas AG,  Herzogenaurach  (at December 31,  2014)

Company and domicile 
ATTACHMENT II
Currency 
46 adidas Business Services Lda. 

Maia (Portugal)

Equity (currency units
in thousands)

EUR

551

Share in capital
held by 1)

in %



98

directly
47 adidas Norge AS

24782



directly 
100

Lillestrom (Norway)

NOK

48 Reebok-CCM Hockey AS

Gressvik (Norway)

NOK

2084

47

100

49 adidas Sverige AB

Solna (Sweden)

SEK

66250

directly 
100

50 adidas Finance Sverige AB

Solna (Sweden)

SEK

579797

98

100

51 Reebok-CCM Hockey AB

Solna (Sweden)

SEK

88306

49

100

52 adidas Suomi Oy 
Helsinki (Finland)

EUR

1625



100

53 Reebok-CCM Hockey Oy 
Espoo (Finland)

EUR

8386



100

54 adidas Danmark A/S

Århus (Denmark)

DKK

18171



100

55 adidas CR s, r, o. 

Prague (Czech Republic)

CZK

78982

directly 
100

56 adidas Budapest Kft. 

Budapest (Hungary)

HUF

361141

directly 
100

57 adidas Bulgaria EAD

Sofia (Bulgaria)

BGN

12279

directly 
100

58 LLC 'adidas,  Ltd. '

Moscow (Russia)

RUB

31470546



100

59 adidas Poland Sp, z o, o. 

Warsaw (Poland)

PLN

37727

directly 
100

60 adidas Finance Poland S. A. 

Warsaw (Poland)

PLN

96022

96

100

61 adidas Romania S. R. L. 

Bucharest (Romania)

RON

23203



100

62 adidas Baltics SIA

Riga (Latvia)

EUR

1602



100

63 adidas Slovakia s, r, o. 

Bratislava (Slovak Republic)

EUR

2168

directly 
100

Ljubljana (Slovenia)

EUR

375

directly 
100

Kiev (Ukraine)

UAH

618389

directly 
100

66 adidas LLP

Almaty (Republic of Kazakhstan)

KZT

2821072

directly 
100

67 adidas Serbia d, o, o. 

New Belgrade (Serbia)

RSD

104173



100

68 adidas Croatia d, o, o. 

Zagreb (Croatia)

HRK

26844



100

69 adidas Hellas A. E. 

Athens (Greece)

EUR

16181

directly 
100

70 adidas (Cyprus) Limited 
Nicosia (Cyprus)

EUR

(37)

directly 
100

71 adidas Spor Malzemeleri Satis ve Pazarlama A. S. 

Istanbul (Turkey)

TRY

278286



100

72 adidas Emerging Markets L. L. C (formerly: adidas Emerging Market L. L. C)

Dubai (United Arab Emirates)

USD

57928

indirectly 
51


73 adidas Emerging Markets FZE

Dubai (United Arab Emirates)

USD

71572

49



100

74 adidas Levant Limited 
Dubai (United Arab Emirates)

JOD

2839

73

55

75 adidas Levant Limited Jordan 
Amman (Jordan)

JOD

2443

74

100

76 adidas Imports & Exports Ltd. 

Cairo (Egypt)

EGP

1494

77

100

77 adidas Sporting Goods Ltd. 

Cairo (Egypt)

EGP

88914



90


78 adidas Egypt Ltd.   3)

Cairo (Egypt)

USD

10

(1831)

directly 
100
100

79 Reebok Israel Ltd. 

Holon (Israel)

ILS

8379

directly 
80 Life Sport Ltd. 

Holon (Israel)

ILS

94487



51

81 adidas (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd. 

Cape Town (South Africa)

ZAR

201009

directly 
100

North America
82 adidas North America,  Inc. 

Portland,  Oregon (USA)

USD

4683668



100

83 adidas America,  Inc. 

Portland,  Oregon (USA)

USD

107760

82

100

84 adidas International,  Inc. 

Portland,  Oregon (USA)

USD

65054

82

100

85 adidas Team,  Inc.  3)

Portland,  Oregon (USA)

USD

(1013)

82

100

86 Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc.  11)

Carlsbad,  California (USA)

USD

17534

82

100

87 Ashworth,  LLC.  3) 11)

Carlsbad,  California (USA)

USD

– 

86

100
100

88 The Reebok Worldwide Trading Company,  LLC

Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)

USD

14980

96

89 Reebok Securities Holdings LLC 10)

Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)

USD

– 

96

100

90 The Rockport Company,  LLC

Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)

USD

34586

96

100

91 Textronics,  Inc. 

Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)

USD

11025

84

100

92 Ashworth Acquisition Corp.  3) 11)

Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)

USD

– 

87

100

93 Putter,  LLC 3) 11)

Montgomery,  Alabama (USA)

USD

– 

92

100

1) The number refers to the number of the company   2) Profit and loss transfer agreement   3) Companies with no active business   4) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Limited
5) Sub-group adidas India Private Ltd.    6) Sub-group adidas (UK) Limited   7) Sub-group Sports Licensed Division of the adidas Group,  LLC   8) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  U.S.,  Inc. 
9) Sub-group Reebok International Limited   10) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.    11) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
249
14

64 adidas Trgovina d, o, o. 
65 SC 'adidas-Ukraine'

20

.. 

Consolidated Financial Statements
Shareholdings 
/ 0410 
/

..    /   Shareholdings of adidas AG,  Herzogenaurach  (at December 31,  2014)
Company and domicile 
94 Onfield Apparel Group,  LLC 3) 7)

ATTACHMENT II
Currency 
Dover,  Delaware (USA)

Equity (currency units
in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 1)

in %

USD

– 

96

99

95



95 Reebok Onfield,  LLC 3) 7)

Dover,  Delaware (USA)

USD

– 

96

100

96 Reebok International Ltd.  10)

Canton,  Massachusetts (USA)

USD

(1102053)

82

100

97 Sports Licensed Division of the adidas Group,  LLC 7)

Boston,  Massachusetts (USA)

USD

93344

96

99

89
98 Reebok-CCM Hockey U.S.,  Inc.  8)
99 Stone Age Equipment,  Inc. 
100 Spartanburg DC,  Inc. 

Montpelier,  Vermont (USA)



96

100

USD

58910

Redlands,  California (USA)

USD

16117

83

100

Spartanburg,  South Carolina (USA)

USD

9783

83

100

101 adidas Canada Ltd. 

Woodbridge,  Ontario (Canada)

CAD

110327

directly 
100

102 Sport Maska Inc. 

New Brunswick (Canada)

CAD

25955



100

Asia
103 adidas Sourcing Limited 
Hong Kong (China)

USD

369462



100

104 adidas Services Limited 
Hong Kong (China)

USD

11002



100
100

105 adidas Hong Kong Ltd. 

Hong Kong (China)

HKD

266648

directly 
106 Smedley Industries (Hong Kong) Limited 3) 8)

Hong Kong (China)

HKD

– 

98

100

107 Reebok Trading (Far East) Limited 
Hong Kong (China)

USD

31083

96

100

108 adidas (Suzhou) Co.  Ltd. 

Suzhou (China)

CNY

222947



100

109 adidas Sports (China) Co.  Ltd. 

Suzhou (China)

CNY

6639121



100

110 adidas (China) Ltd. 

250

Shanghai (China)

CNY

304063



100

111 Zhuhai adidas Technical Services Limited 
Zhuhai (China)

CNY

18288

103

100

20

14

112 adidas Logistics (Tianjin) Co.,  Ltd. 

Tianjin (China)

CNY

125589

12

100

113 adidas Business Services (Dalian) Limited 
Dalian (China)

CNY

1182



100

114 adidas Japan K. K. 

Tokyo (Japan)

JPY

9523984

23

100

115 Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Ltd. 

Tokyo (Japan)

JPY

6231088

23

100

116 Adams Golf Japan,  Inc.  3) 11)

Tokyo (Japan)

JPY

– 

86

100

117 adidas Korea Ltd. 

Seoul (Korea)

KRW

196194050

directly 
100

118 Taylor Made Korea Ltd. 

Seoul (Korea)

KRW

11882870

directly 
100

119 adidas Korea Technical Services Limited 
Pusan (Korea)

KRW

3500265

103

100

120 adidas India Private Ltd.  5)

New Delhi (India)

INR

4703178

directly 
1068



8932

121 adidas India Marketing Pvt.  Ltd.  5)

New Delhi (India)

INR

– 

120

9899



101

122 adidas Technical Services Pvt.  Ltd. 

New Delhi (India)

USD

3313

103

100

123 Reebok India Company 
New Delhi (India)

INR

(4934579)

133

9315

124 PT adidas Indonesia 
Jakarta (Indonesia)

IDR

142016983



99

directly
Petaling Jaya (Malaysia)

MYR

43190



directly 
60



125 adidas (Malaysia) Sdn.  Bhd. 

40

1) The number refers to the number of the company   2) Profit and loss transfer agreement   3) Companies with no active business   4) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Limited
5) Sub-group adidas India Private Ltd.    6) Sub-group adidas (UK) Limited   7) Sub-group Sports Licensed Division of the adidas Group,  LLC   8) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  U.S.,  Inc. 
9) Sub-group Reebok International Limited   10) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.    11) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Shareholdings 
/ 0410 
/

.. 

Shareholdings of adidas AG,  Herzogenaurach  (at December 31,  2014)

Company and domicile 
ATTACHMENT II
Currency 
Equity (currency units
in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 1)

in %

126 adidas Philippines Inc. 

Pasig City (Philippines)

PHP

419539

directly 
100

127 adidas Singapore Pte.  Ltd. 

Singapore (Singapore)

SGD

14722

directly 
100

128 adidas Taiwan Limited 
Taipei (Taiwan)

TWD

1000074



100

129 adidas (Thailand) Co.,  Ltd. 

Bangkok (Thailand)

THB

725949

directly 
100

130 adidas Australia Pty.  Limited 
Mulgrave (Australia)

AUD

68586



100

131 adidas New Zealand Limited 
Auckland (New Zealand)

NZD

11358

directly 
100

132 adidas Vietnam Company Limited 
Ho Chi Minh City (Vietnam)

VND

(42025995)



100

133 Reebok (Mauritius) Company Limited 
Port Louis (Mauritius)

USD

2194

96

99

88





5122

Latin America
134 adidas Argentina S. A. 

Buenos Aires (Argentina)

ARS

777325



4878

135 Reebok Argentina S. A. 

Buenos Aires (Argentina)

ARS

41239



7386



2613

136 ASPA do Brasil Ltda.  3)

São Paulo (Brazil)

BRL

169

103

100

137 adidas do Brasil Ltda. 

São Paulo (Brazil)

BRL

304533



100

138 adidas Franchise Brasil Servicos Ltda. 

São Paulo (Brazil)

BRL

2488

137

100

139 Reebok Produtos Esportivos Brasil Ltda. 

Jundiai (Brazil)

BRL

(57530)



9999

140 adidas Chile Limitada 
Santiago de Chile (Chile)

CLP

79524717

directly 
99


Bogotá (Colombia)

COP

108912

directly 
100

142 adidas Peru S. A. C. 

Lima (Peru)

PEN

46835

directly 
9921

140

079

143 adidas de Mexico,  S. A.  de C. V. 

Mexico City (Mexico)

MXN

(86781)

directly 
100

144 adidas Industrial,  S. A.  de C. V. 

Mexico City (Mexico)

MXN

235507

directly 
100

145 Reebok de Mexico,  S. A.  de C. V.  3)

Mexico City (Mexico)

MXN

(428451)

directly 
100

146 adidas Latin America,  S. A. 

Panama City (Panama)

USD

(21319)

directly 
100
100

147 Concept Sport,  S. A. 

Panama City (Panama)

USD

789



148 adidas Market LAM,  S. A.  3)

Panama City (Panama)

USD





100

149 3 Stripes S. A.  (adidas Uruguay) 3)

Montevideo (Uruguay)

UYU

(436)

directly 
100

150 Tafibal S. A. 

Montevideo (Uruguay)

UYU

6559

directly 
100

151 Raelit S. A. 

Montevideo (Uruguay)

UYU

8726

directly 
100

152 Reebok Central America S. A.  10)

San Pedro Sula (Honduras)

HNL

– 

96

996

88

04

153 adidas Corporation de Venezuela,  S. A.  3)

Caracas (Venezuela)

VEF

(17)

directly 
100

154 adisport Corporation 
San Juan (Puerto Rico)

USD

(1536)



100

1) The number refers to the number of the company   2) Profit and loss transfer agreement   3) Companies with no active business   4) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Limited
5) Sub-group adidas India Private Ltd.    6) Sub-group adidas (UK) Limited   7) Sub-group Sports Licensed Division of the adidas Group,  LLC   8) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  U.S.,  Inc. 
9) Sub-group Reebok International Limited   10) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.    11) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
251
14

141 adidas Colombia Ltda. 

20



ADDITIONAL

INFORM ATION
052
053
054

Te n Ye a r O v e r v i e w 	
254
Gloss ar y	25 8
Decl ar ation of Suppor t	
 61
Financial Calendar	
262

  A D D I T I O N A L I N F O R M AT I O N 

051

05



Additional Information
Ten-Year Overview 
/ 051 
/

Ten-Year Overview
..    /   Ten-Year Overview
2014

2013

2012

14534

14203

14883

6924

7001

7103

Royalty and commission income 3) 4)

102

103

105

Other operating income 3) 4)

138

142

127

Other operating expenses 3) 4)

6203

6013

6150

EBITDA 3) 4)

Income Statement Data (€ in millions)
Net sales 3) 4)
Gross profit 3) 4)

1283

1496

1445

Operating profit 3) 4) 5) 6) 7)

961

1233

1185

Net financial result 4)

(48)

(68)

(69)

Income before taxes 3) 4) 5) 6) 7)

913

1165

1116

Income taxes 3) 4)

271

340

327





(2)

568

839

791

476%

493%

477%

66%

87%

80%

193

240

146

297%

292%

293%

39%

59%

53%

adidas 
11774

11059

11344

Reebok 
1578

1599

1667

TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
913

1285

1344

Rockport 9)

283

289

285

Reebok-CCM Hockey 
269

260

243

Footwear 3) 4)

6658

6587

6922

Apparel 3) 4)

6279

5811

6290

Hardware 3) 4)

1597

1806

1671

Total assets 
12417

11599

11651

Inventories 
2526

2634

2486

Receivables and other current assets 
2861

2583

2444

Working capital 
2970

2125

2504

Net cash/(net borrowings)

(185)

295

448

Shareholders' equity 
5624

5489

5304

Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 4)
Net income attributable to shareholders 5) 6) 7) 8)
Income Statement Ratios
Gross margin 3) 4)
Operating margin 3) 4) 5) 6) 7)
Interest coverage 3) 4)
Effective tax rate 3) 4) 5) 6) 7)
Net income attributable to shareholders in % of net sales 5) 6) 7) 8)

20

14

254

Net Sales by Brand (€ in millions)

Net Sales by Product Category (€ in millions)

Balance Sheet Data (€ in millions)

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
1) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 
2) Including Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006 onwards. 
3) 2014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the Rockport business. 
4) 2005 reflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon business segment. 
5) 2014 excluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million. 
6) 2013 excluding goodwill impairment of € 52 million. 
7) 2012 excluding goodwill impairment of € 265 million. 
8) Includes income from continuing and discontinued operations. 
9) 2014 and 2013 net sales for Rockport are reflected within discontinued operations. 
10) Figures adjusted for 1: 4 share split conducted on June 6,  2006. 
11) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Additional Information
Ten-Year Overview 
/ 051 
/

2011 1)

2010

2009

2008

2007

2006 2)

2005

13322

11990

10381

10799

10299

10084

6636

6329

5730

4712

5256

4882

4495

3197

93

100

86

89

102

90

47

98

110

100

103

80

55

36

5567

5046

4390

4378

4115

3759

2573

1199

1159

780

1280

1165

1078

806

953

894

508

1070

949

881

707

(84)

(88)

(150)

(166)

(135)

(158)

(52)

869

806

358

904

815

723

655

261

238

113

260

260

227

221

(5)

(1)



(2)

(4)

(13)

(8)

613

567

245

642

551

483

383

475%

478%

454%

487%

474%

446%

482%

72%

75%

49%

99%

92%

87%

107%

39

74

68

59

184

315%

288%

318%

314%

337%

46%

47%

24%

59%

54%

48%

58%

9867

8714

7520

7821

7113

6626

5861

1940

1913

1603

1717

1831

1979

– 

1044

909

831

812

804

856

709

261

252

232

243

291

293

– 

210

200

177

188

210

202

– 

6242

5389

4642

4919

4751

4733

2978

5733

5380

4663

4775

4426

4105

2798

1347

1221

1076

1105

1121

1246

860

11237

10618

8875

9533

8325

8379

5750

2502

2119

1471

1995

1629

1607

1230

2431

2324

2038

2523

2048

1913

1551

1990

1972

1649

1290

1522

1733

2644

90

(221)

(917)

(2189)

(1766)

(2231)

551

5137

4616

3771

3386

3023

2828

2684

255
14

101
295%

20

122
300%

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Additional Information
Ten-Year Overview 
/ 051 
/

..    /   Ten-Year Overview  (continued)
2014

2013

2012

Balance Sheet Ratios
Net borrowings/EBITDA 3) 4)

01

Financial leverage 
(02)

(03)

224%

Average operating working capital in % of net sales 3)

213%

200%
(85%)

33%

(54%)

453%

473%

455%

Equity-to-fixed-assets ratio 
1109%

1158%

1111%

Asset coverage I

1587%

1450%

1527%

Asset coverage II

1059%

932%

1004%

Fixed asset intensity of investments 
408%

409%

410%

Current asset intensity of investments 
592%

591%

590%

Liquidity I

386%

344%

443%

Liquidity II

830%

726%

829%

Liquidity III

1407%

1283%

1397%

Equity ratio 
Working capital turnover 3)

49

59

143%

99%

138%

Return on capital employed 8)

67

87%

Return on equity 8)

236%

193%

6733

Data Per Share 10)
Share price at year-end (in €)

20

14

256

5762

9264

Basic earnings 5) 6) 7) 8) (in €)

272

401

378

Diluted earnings 5) 6) 7) 8) (in €)

272

401

378

Price/earnings ratio at year-end 5) 6) 7) 8)

212

231

178

11773

19382

14087

Net cash generated from operating activities 8) (in €)

336

303

450

Dividend (in €)

150 11)

150

135

Dividend payout ratio 5) 6) 7) 8) (in %)

539

374

357

204327

209216

209216

Number of employees at year-end 3) 4)

53731

49808

46306

Personnel expenses 3) 4) (€ in millions)

1842

1833

1872

Market capitalisation at year-end (€ in millions)

Number of shares outstanding at year-end (in thousands)
Employees 
Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
1) 2011 restated according to IAS 8 in the 2012 consolidated financial statements. 
2) Including Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006 onwards. 
3) 2014 and 2013 reflect continuing operations as a result of the planned divestiture of the Rockport business. 
4) 2005 reflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon business segment. 
5) 2014 excluding goodwill impairment of € 78 million. 
6) 2013 excluding goodwill impairment of € 52 million. 
7) 2012 excluding goodwill impairment of € 265 million. 
8) Includes income from continuing and discontinued operations. 
9) 2014 and 2013 net sales for Rockport are reflected within discontinued operations. 
10) Figures adjusted for 1: 4 share split conducted on June 6,  2006. 
11) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Additional Information
Ten-Year Overview 
/ 051 
/

2011 1)

2010

2009

2008

2007

2006 2)

2005

(01)

02

12

17

15

21

(07)

204%

208%

243%

245%

252%

258%

260%
(205%)

243%

646%

584%

789%

435%

425%

355%

363%

338%

467%

1046%

974%

859%

736%

722%

635%

1940%

1407%

1415%

1374%

1277%

1361%

1387%

2841%

932%

977%

1029%

891%

980%

1020%

1504%

437%

446%

495%

482%

503%

532%

241%

563%

554%

505%

518%

497%

468%

759%

316%

355%

300%

105%

145%

158%

920%

683%

782%

804%

551%

703%

804%

1480%

1260%

1324%

1322%

1098%

1326%

1537%

2194%

67

61

63

84

68

58

26

119%

123%

65%

189%

182%

171%

143%

199%

202%

113%

198%

202%

176%

493%

5026

4889

3777

2714

5126

3773

4000

293

271

125

325

271

237

205

293

271

122

307

257

225

193

171

180

310

88

199

168

207

10515

10229

7902

5252

10438

7679

8122

386

428

611

252

383

374

188

100

080

035

050

050

042

033

341

295

298

151

180

177

172

209216

209216

209216

193516

203629

203537

203047

46824

42541

39596

38982

31344

26376

15935

1646

1521

1352

1283

1186

1087

706

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
257
14

48%

457%

20

(18%)



Additional Information
Glossary 
/ 052 
/

Glossary
/  B
Backlogs 
Controlled space
Includes own-retail business,  mono-branded 
/  F

franchise stores,  shop-in-shops,  joint ventures with 
Financial leverage 
Also called order backlogs.  The value of orders 
retail partners and co-branded stores.  Controlled 
Ratio reflecting the role of borrowings within the 
received for future delivery.  Most retailers' orders 
space offers a high level of brand control and 
financing structure of a company. 

are received six to nine months in advance. 

ensures optimal product offering and presentation 
Financial leverage  (net borrowings / shareholders'

according to brand requirements. 

equity) × 100

Conversion rate 
Free cash flow 
 key ratio in retail business describing the number 
Cash that is generated by a company's operating 
of buying customers compared to those who 
activities after the deduction of net investments 
entered the store without buying something; i, e. 

and other cash expenses such as taxes and interest 
Total cash expenditure used for the purchase 
 25% conversion rate means that 100 persons 
from the operating profit. 

of tangible and intangible assets,  excluding 
entered a store with 25 of them buying something. 

Free cash flow  operating profit +/– change in 
/  C
Capital expenditure 
operating working capital +/– net investments (capital 
acquisitions and finance leases. 

Cash pooling
 cash management technique for physical 
/  D

expenditure less depreciation and amortisation) +/–
financial result and income taxes 
concentration of cash.  Cash pooling allows the 
of water,  which is the traditional medium for 
in-house bank concept where advantages are taken
14

carbon dioxide to inject dye into fabric instead 
one central account.  This technique supports our 
20

 fabric dyeing technology that uses pressurised 
from various accounts and several subsidiaries into 
258

DryDye 
adidas Group to combine credit and debit positions 
fabric dyeing.  This process saves roughly 25

of any surplus funds of subsidiaries to cover cash 
litres of water for a T-shirt and reduces energy 
German Co-Determination Act
(Mitbestimmungsgesetz MitbestG)

requirements of other subsidiaries,  thus reducing 
and chemical use by approximately 50%.  The 
An act that governs the form of co-determination 
external financing needs and optimising our net 
technology was developed in cooperation between 
of employees in corporations employing more than 
interest expenses. 

adidas and the Thailand-based Yeh Group. 

2000 employees.  It stipulates,  among other things
/  G

that such a corporation's Supervisory Board must 
Comparable (comp) store sales 
be composed of an equal number of employee and 
/  E

shareholder representatives. 

the store format and store size have remained 
Emerging markets 
Intangible asset that quantifies the price that a 
unchanged.  Comparable store sales therefore 
Developing countries showing potential for growth 
buyer of a company has paid for the reputation
show the organic growth of the Retail segment 
in both economic strength and private wealth in the 
know-how and market position of the acquired 
and do not include sales generated from new store 
future.  For the adidas Group,  emerging markets are 
company.  Goodwill is the excess of the amount paid 
openings. 

the developing countries of Asia,  Eastern Europe
over the fair value of the net assets acquired at the 
Latin America and Africa. 

purchase date.  It is stated at cost and tested for 
Sales generated in stores which have been open
for the entire prior financial year and are currently
operating.  Remodelled stores are included if 
Concession corners 
Goodwill 
impairment annually or on such other occasions 
Retail space that is fully operated by one brand of 
that events or changes in circumstances indicate 
the adidas Group and is part of a larger sales area 
that it might be impaired. 

operated by a retail partner. 

Green grass retailers
Golf distribution channel.  Small golf specialty
shops typically located at a golf course. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
Additional Information
Glossary 
/ 052 
/

/  H

/  M

/  O

Hardware 
Marketing working budget (MWB)

Omni-channel sales approach 
 product category which comprises equipment 
Promotion and communication spending including 
Describes the ambition to achieve a globally 
that is used rather than worn by the consumer
sponsorship contracts with teams and individual 
consistent product offer,  brand communication
such as bags,  balls,  fitness equipment,  golf clubs 
athletes,  as well as advertising,  events and other 
availability and service across all sales channels 
and hockey sticks. 

communication activities,  but excluding marketing 
(Wholesale,  Retail and eCommerce) and consumer 
overhead expenses.  As marketing working budget 
touch points. 

expenses are not distribution channel specific,  they 
/  L

are not allocated to the adidas Group's operating 
Operating cash flow 
segments. 

Comprises operating profit,  change in operating 
LGBT

Mature markets 
An acronym that stands for lesbian,  gay,  bisexual 
Developed countries which have highly 
operating working capital +/– net investments (capital 
and transgender. 

industrialised economies,  high income levels and 
expenditure less depreciation and amortisation)

Licensed apparel 
in which most people have a high standard of living. 

working capital and net investments. 
Operating cash flow  operating profit +/– change in 
For the adidas Group,  mature markets are the 
Operating overheads 
Apparel products which are produced and 
high-income countries of Western Europe,  North 
Expenses which are not directly attributable to 
marketed under a licence agreement.  The adidas 
America and Japan. 

the products or services sold,  such as costs for 
Group has licence agreements with several 
distribution,  marketing overhead costs,  logistics
associations (e.g.  FIFA,  UEFA),  leagues (e.g.  NBA
research and development,  as well as general and 
Licensees 
Net cash/Net borrowings 
Operating working capital 
Companies that have the authorisation to use the 
Net cash is when the sum of cash and short-term 
 company's short-term disposable capital which 
name of a brand or business for the production and 
financial assets exceeds gross borrowings.  Net 
is used to finance its day-to-day business.  In 
sale of products.  For example,  for adidas,  licensed 
borrowings is the portion of gross borrowings 
comparison to working capital,  operating working 
products include cosmetics,  watches and eyewear
not covered by the sum of cash and short-term 
capital does not include non-operational items 
for Reebok,  fitness equipment. 

financial assets. 

such as financial assets and taxes. 

Net cash/Net borrowings  cash and cash equivalents 
Operating working capital  accounts receivable +

+ short-term financial assets short-term 
inventories accounts payable 
Liquidity I,  II,  III
The liquidity ratio indicates how quickly a company
can liquidate its assets to pay for current liabilities. 

promotion,  advertising and communication. 

borrowings long-term borrowings 
Liquidity I: [(Cash + short-term financial assets) /

Non-controlling interests 
current liabilities] × 100

Part of net income or equity which is not 
Liquidity II: [(Cash + short-term financial assets +

attributable to the shareholders of the reporting 
accounts receivable) / current liabilities] × 100

company as it relates to outside ownership 
Performance business 
Liquidity III: [(Cash + short-term financial assets +

interests in subsidiaries that are consolidated 
In the sporting goods industry,  performance 
accounts receivable + inventories) / current liabilities]

with the parent company for financial reporting 
business relates to technical footwear and apparel 
× 100

purposes. 

used primarily in doing sports. 

/  P

Price points
Specific selling prices,  normally using
'psychological' numbers,  e.g.  a product price of
US $ 9999 instead of US $ 100. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
259
14

/  N

administrative costs,  but not including costs for 
universities (e.g.  UCLA,  Notre Dame). 

20

NHL),  teams (e.g.  Real Madrid,  AC Milan) and 
Additional Information
Glossary 
/ 052 
/

/  V

Profit protection 
Share turnover 
 business activity (mainly found within retail 
The total value of all shares traded in the share 
companies) designed to reduce preventable losses 
price currency over a specific period of time 
Vertical retailer 
caused,  for example,  by theft,  fraud,  vandalism
(normally daily).  It is calculated by multiplying the 
 retail company that (vertically) controls the entire 
waste,  abuse,  misconduct or failure by employees 
number of shares traded by the respective price. 

design,  production and distribution processes of its 
to follow existing policies or procedures. 

Signature collection 
products. 

Promotion partnerships 
 collection which is developed in close 
Visual merchandising 
Partnerships with events,  associations,  leagues
collaboration with top athletes and personalities
Activity of promoting the sale of goods,  especially 
clubs and individual athletes.  In exchange for the 
bearing the signature,  logo and/or name of the 
by their presentation at the point of sale.  This 
services of promoting the adidas Group,  the party 
athlete.  The offering can be either a single product 
includes combining products,  environments and 
is provided with products and/or cash and/or 
or a broader product family (footwear,  apparel and 
spaces into a stimulating and engaging display to 
promotional materials. 

hardware). 

encourage the sale of a product or service. 

Single-sourcing model 
Virtualisation 
Supply chain activities limited to one specific 
Computer technology enabling physical product 
supplier.  Due to the dependency on only one 
samples to be replaced by digital,  virtual product 
supplier,  the adidas Group can face disadvantages 
samples in the footwear and apparel development 
during the sourcing process. 

process,  thus reducing the volume of physical 
/  R
Rolling forecast 
samples produced. 

 projection about the future that is updated at
regular intervals,  keeping the forecasting period
constant (e.g.  twelve months). 

20

14

260

/  S
Sales working budget 
/  T
Top and bottom line
 company's bottom line is its net income
attributable to shareholders.  More specificallythe bottom line is a company's income after all 
Expenditures that relate to advertising and 
expenses have been deducted from revenues.  The 
promotion initiatives at the point of sale as well 
top line refers to a company's sales or revenues. 

as to store fittings and furniture.  As sales working
budget expenses are channel-specific,  they 
Top-down,  bottom-up 
are allocated to the adidas Group's operating 
 specific concept for information and knowledge 
segments. 

processing.  In a first step,  information and 
Segment 
empowerment of management decisions is
delegated from top to bottom.  After going into more 
Also called business segment.  Units within a 
detail on the bottom level,  the final information and 
company that have profit and loss responsibility. 

decision are then transported back to the top. 

The adidas Group is currently divided into six
business segments: Wholesale,  Retail,  TaylorMade
Trend scouting 
adidas Golf,  Rockport,  Reebok-CCM Hockey and 
Identification and commercialisation of future 
Other Centrally Managed Brands. 

trends,  particularly lifestyle trends. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 


Additional Information
Declaration of Support 
/ 053 
/

Declaration of Support
adidas AG declares support,  except in the case of political risk,  that the below-mentioned companies are able
to meet their contractual liabilities.  This declaration replaces the declaration dated February 14,  2014.  The
2014 Declaration of Support is no longer valid. 

adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
adidas Sverige AB,  Solna,  Sweden
adidas Taiwan Limited,  Taipei,  Taiwan
adidas Team,  Inc.,  Portland,  Oregon,  USA
adidas Trgovina d, o, o.,  Ljubljana,  Slovenia
adidas Vietnam Company LimitedHo Chi Minh City,  Vietnam
adisport Corporation,  San Juan,  Puerto Rico
Concept Sport,  S. A.,  Panama City,  Panama
Global Merchandising,  S. L.,  Madrid,  Spain
Hydra Ventures B. V.,  Amsterdam,  Netherlands
LLC 'adidas,  Ltd. ',  Moscow,  Russia
PT adidas Indonesia,  Jakarta,  Indonesia
Raelit S. A.,  Montevideo,  Uruguay
Reebok International Limited,  LondonGreat Britain
Reebok International Ltd.,  CantonMassachusetts,  USA
Reebok-CCM Hockey AB,  Solna,  Sweden
Reebok-CCM Hockey AS,  Gressvik,  Norway
Reebok-CCM Hockey Oy,  Espoo,  Finland
Reebok-CCM Hockey U.S.  Inc.,  MontpelierVermont,  USA
Reebok Israel Ltd.,  Holon,  Israel
SC 'adidas-Ukraine',  Kiev,  Ukraine
Spartanburg DC,  Inc.,  Spartanburg,  South CarolinaUSA
Sport Maska Inc.,  New Brunswick,  Canada
Sports Licensed Division of the adidas Group,  LLCBoston,  Massachusetts,  USA
Stone Age Equipment,  Inc.,  Redlands,  CaliforniaUSA
Tafibal S. A.,  Montevideo,  Uruguay
Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc.,  Carlsbad,  CaliforniaUSA
Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Ltd.,  Tokyo,  Japan
Taylor Made Golf Limited,  BasingstokeGreat Britain
Taylor Made Korea Ltd.,  Seoul,  Korea
Textronics,  Inc.,  Wilmington,  Delaware,  USA
Trafford Park DC Limited (formerly Reebok Finance
Limited),  London,  Great Britain 
261
14

adidas Industrial,  S. A.  de C. V.,  Mexico City,  Mexico
adidas Insurance & Risk Consultants GmbHHerzogenaurach,  Germany
adidas International B. V.,  Amsterdam,  Netherlands
adidas International Finance B. V. Amsterdam,  Netherlands
adidas International Marketing B. V. Amsterdam,  Netherlands
adidas International Property Holding B. V. Amsterdam,  Netherlands
adidas International Re Limited,  Dublin,  Ireland
adidas International Trading B. V. Amsterdam,  Netherlands
adidas International,  Inc.,  Portland,  Oregon,  USA
adidas Italy S, p. A,  Monza,  Italy
adidas Japan K. K.,  Tokyo,  Japan
adidas Korea Ltd.,  Seoul,  Korea
adidas Latin America,  S. A.,  Panama City,  Panama
adidas Levant Limited Jordan,  Amman,  Jordan
adidas LLP,  Almaty,  Republic of Kazakhstan
adidas Logistics (Tianjin) Co.,  Ltd.,  Tianjin,  China
adidas New Zealand Limited,  AucklandNew Zealand
adidas Norge AS,  Lillestrom,  Norway
adidas North America,  Inc.,  Portland,  Oregon,  USA
adidas Peru S. A. C.,  Lima,  Peru
adidas Philippines Inc.,  Pasig City,  Philippines
adidas Poland Sp, z o, o.,  Warsaw,  Poland
adidas Portugal Artigos de Desporto,  S. A. Lisbon,  Portugal
adidas Romania S. R. L.,  Bucharest,  Romania
adidas Serbia d, o, o.,  New Belgrade,  Serbia
adidas Services Limited,  Hong Kong,  China
adidas Singapore Pte.  Ltd.,  Singapore,  Singapore
adidas Slovakia s, r, o.,  Bratislava,  Slovak Republic
adidas Sourcing Limited,  Hong Kong,  China
adidas Spor Malzemeleri Satis ve Pazarlama A. S. Istanbul,  Turkey
adidas sport gmbh,  Cham,  Switzerland
adidas Sporting Goods Ltd.,  Cairo,  Egypt
adidas Sports (China) Co.  Ltd.,  Suzhou,  China
adidas Suomi Oy,  Helsinki,  Finland 
20

adidas (China) Ltd.,  Shanghai,  China
adidas (Cyprus) Limited,  Nicosia,  Cyprus
adidas (Ireland) Limited,  Dublin,  Ireland
adidas (Malaysia) Sdn.  Bhd.,  Petaling JayaMalaysia
adidas (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd.,  Cape TownSouth Africa
adidas (Suzhou) Co.  Ltd.,  Suzhou,  China
adidas (Thailand) Co.,  Ltd.,  Bangkok,  Thailand
adidas (UK) Limited,  Stockport,  Great Britain
adidas America,  Inc.,  Portland,  Oregon,  USA
adidas Argentina S. A.,  Buenos Aires,  Argentina
adidas Australia Pty.  Limited,  Mulgrave,  Australia
adidas Austria GmbH,  Klagenfurt,  Austria
adidas Baltics SIA,  Riga,  Latvia
adidas Belgium N. V.,  Brussels,  Belgium
adidas Benelux B. V.,  Amsterdam,  Netherlands
adidas Budapest Kft.,  Budapest,  Hungary
adidas Bulgaria EAD,  Sofia,  Bulgaria
adidas Business Services (Dalian) LimitedDalian,  China
adidas Business Services Lda.,  Maia,  Portugal
adidas Canada Ltd.,  Woodbridge,  Ontario,  Canada
adidas CDC Immobilieninvest GmbHHerzogenaurach,  Germany
adidas Chile Limitada,  Santiago de Chile,  Chile
adidas Colombia Ltda.,  Bogotá,  Colombia
adidas CR s, r, o.,  Prague,  Czech Republic
adidas Croatia d, o, o.,  Zagreb,  Croatia
adidas Danmark A/S,  Århus,  Denmark
adidas de Mexico,  S. A.  de C. V.,  Mexico City,  Mexico
adidas do Brasil Ltda.,  São Paulo,  Brazil
adidas Emerging Markets FZE,  DubaiUnited Arab Emirates
adidas Emerging Markets L. L. C.,  DubaiUnited Arab Emirates
adidas Espana S. A. U,  Zaragoza,  Spain
adidas France S, a, r, l.,  Landersheim,  France
adidas Hellas A. E.,  Athens,  Greece
adidas Hong Kong Ltd.,  Hong Kong,  China
adidas Imports & Exports Ltd.,  Cairo,  Egypt
adidas India Marketing Pvt.  Ltd.,  New Delhi,  India 


Additional Information
Financial Calendar 
/ 054 
/

FINANCIAL CALENDAR
 0 15

MAR 

05

26

Full Year 2014 Results 
Investor Day 
Press release,  conference call and webcast
Publication of 2014 Annual Report 
Press release,  management presentations
and webcast 
MAY 

05

20

14

262

07

08

First Quarter 2015 Results 
Annual General Meeting 
Dividend payment 
Press release,  conference call and webcast
Publication of First Quarter 2015 Report 
FUERTH (BAVARIA),  GERMANY

(Subject to Annual General Meeting approval)

Webcast 
AUG 

NOV 

06

05

First Half 2015 Results 
Nine Months 2015 Results 
Press release,  conference call and webcast
Publication of First Half 2015 Report 
Press release,  conference call and webcast
Publication of Nine Months 2015 Report 
adidas Group   /  2014 Annual Report 
adidas AG
Adi-Dassler-Str.  1
91074 Herzogenaurach
Germany
TEL:  + 49 (0) 91 32 84  0
FAX:  + 49 (0) 91 32 84  22 41

WWW. ADIDAS-GROUP. COM
Investor Relations
TEL:  + 49 (0) 91 32 84  32 96
FAX:  + 49 (0) 91 32 84  31 27
EMAIL: investor, relations[at]adidas-Group, com 
WWW. ADIDAS-GROUP. COM/INVESTORS

adidas Group is a member of DIRK
(German Investor Relations Association). 
This report is also available in German. 
For further adidas Group publicationsplease see our corporate website or download our
Investor Relations and Media App from the App Store. 

To improve readability,  registered trademarks
are omitted in this Annual Report. 
Concept and Design
Strichpunkt,  Stuttgart / Berlin
Printed by
Eberl Print,  Immenstadt 
adidas AG
Adi-Dassler-Str.  1
91074 Herzogenaurach
Germany
©2015 adidas AG


