adidas-Salomon Annual Report 1999

adidas-Salomon
'To be the best portfolio of sports brands in the world"

adidas
Athletic footwear and apparel for all-season
categories such as running,  soccer,  basketballtennis,  training,  workout,  etc. 

Bonfire
Snowboarding apparel 
Erima
Team equipment for soccer and other
team sports 
Mavic
Cycling components: wheels,  rims,  gearshifts 
Salomon
Winter sports products: skis,  snowboards,  bindings
and boots; summer sports products: in-line skates
and hiking boots 
Taylor Made
Golf equipment: clubs,  balls,  accessories 
1999

1999

1998

Change 
EURO m 
DM m 
DM m 
in %

Net sales 
5354

10471

9907

+57

Gross profit 
2352

4600

4154

+107

Operating profit 
482

942

814

+157

Income before taxes and minority interests 
398

779

624

+249

Net income 
228

445

401

+111

Shareholders' equity 
680

1330

906

+468

EURO

DM

DM

502

982

884





439

419

+20 PP

Operating margin 
90

82

+08 PP

Profit margin 
43

40

+03 PP

207

205

+02 PP

Earnings per share 
Gross margin 
Return on capital employed 
+111

1999: Key Points in Brief
Income before taxes at record level,  significant increase in profit contribution from Salomon and
Taylor Made,  strong sales growth
● Income before taxes up 25% to all-time high of DM 779 million
● Earnings per share at DM 982 an improvement of 11% compared to previous year
(before special effect in 1998)
● Operating profit contribution from Salomon and Taylor Made increased by DM 80 million
or 163% due to innovative products and successful integration
● Net sales grew by 6% to DM 105 billion 
NET SALES

INCOME

EARNINGS PER SHARE

(DM bn)

(DM m)

(DM)

12

12

800
700

10

Ⅲ

10

Ⅲ

600




500



400



300



Ⅲ

Ⅲ
Ⅲ



200




100
1995

1996

1997

1998

1999

1995

1996

1997 1998* 1999

Ⅲ Income before taxes and minority interests
Ⅲ Net income
* before special effect 
1995

1996

1997 1998* 1999

* before special effect 

Table of Contents 
Table of Contents 
President's Letter 


Management Discussion and Analysis 


The adidas-Salomon Group 


adidas 
12

Salomon 
20

Taylor Made 
24

Mavic 
28

The adidas-Salomon Share 
32

Outlook 
34

Report of the Supervisory Board 
38

Supervisory Board and Executive Board 
40

Consolidated Financial Statements 
41

Auditors' Report 
77

Selected Financial Data 
86

President's Letter 


PRESIDENT'S LETTER

Dear Shareholder:
1999 was a highly successful year for adidas-Salomon. 

For the adidas brand,  for example,  focusing on our own 
Despite a tough market environment,  we achieved a 
strengths means streamlining the product range,  cutting 
strong gross margin,  delivered our best ever operating 
the number of products by 20%,  pushing products 
profit and drove income before taxes to a record level. 

with strong margins,  eliminating the weaker ones.  This 
Integration of the former Salomon group brands posi
reduces complexity in all areas of the organization,  from 
tively impacted our results,  the start-up of adidas Japan 
design to product development,  from sourcing to ware
has exceeded our expectations,  Asia is performing well
housing.  And it sets free energies that will allow us to 
and Europe is showing an upward trend.  Only in North 
concentrate more strongly on winning products. 

America,  which represents around one third of our salesdo we see our sales softening.  Here,  our business is being 
These will be products featuring new technologies and 
negatively impacted by an adverse market situation. 

exciting new designs.  For instance,  prior to the European
Soccer Championship we will be introducing a new 
Although we can be content with our 1999 results,  we 
Predator® soccer boot with exchangeable studs.  For the 
need to improve them further.  We have to set our sights 
Olympic Games in Sydney we will be presenting a sprint 
even higher if we want to establish ourselves as the 
shoe incorporating state-of-the-art carbon technology 
world's best sporting goods company.  We are in a position 
that has been developed by Salomon for adidas.  In the 
to achieve above-average sales growth with innovative 
design sector,  we are moving to new designs,  working 
products and efficient structures.  This can only be 
together with external design studios and developing 
leveraged through to an even stronger bottom-line 
footwear concepts that will generate new impetus in 
improvement if we further strengthen cost control within 
categories with strong sales potential. 

the Group.  In order to further enhance shareholder value
we need to focus on what we do best: developing and 
Focusing on our core business also means further 
marketing top-quality sporting goods. 

enhancing the innovative strength of the Salomon
and Taylor Made brands.  In the hardware sector,  it is 
Our aim is to shape our company into a high-performance 
vital that we remain at the leading edge,  convincing 
organization with a focus on innovative sports products. 

customers that with our new ideas they can improve 
To this end,  at the beginning of 2000,  we decided to 
their performance and thus further increase their enjoy
implement a growth and efficiency program which 
ment of sport. 

supports our objective to achieve a 15% annual growth
in earnings between 2001 and 2003. 

Our clear focus on the essentials is also reflected in our
brand policy.  After intensive discussions,  and extensive
tests and market research,  we decided not to pursue
any further the idea of a new brand for the leisurewear
market.  Our market research showed quite clearly that
this market potential can be leveraged with significantly
less effort and risk by further differentiating our existing
brands.  That is where our strength lies!

President's Letter 


On the other hand,  we have decided to sell,  by way of a 
After the record levels reached in 1999,  we will use 
management buyout,  the 'erima" brand,  which with 
the year 2000 to further strengthen our investment in 
sales of just under DM 40 million contributes only a 
the future in the future of a company that operates 
very small share of our consolidated net sales.  The 
efficiently,  achieves market success through innovative 
'Mavic" brand will remain within the Group but will be 
products and builds on its core strengths,  thus remain
incorporated under the 'Salomon" brand in all respects. 

ing true to its heritage. 

This will lower costs,  streamline production and reduce
the number of locations. 

The growth and efficiency program involves additional
expenses.  This is likely to have a corresponding impact on 
While our strategy clearly underlines our commitment 
net income in 2000.  However,  the measures initiated
to growth,  our efficiency has to be further increased. 

supported by an anticipated recovery of the American 
Expenses need to be kept under tighter control in future. 

market,  will help to steer the company onto a steeper 
An increase in expenses beyond the volume of sales 
growth track in sales and earnings from 2001 onwards. 

growth,  while offset by the improved gross margin in 
Without a doubt,  the measures to be effected in 2000

1999,  is not acceptable in the long term. 

represent an investment in a successful and exciting
future. 

Therefore,  we have initiated a number of projects to
increase efficiency,  cut costs,  and thus meet the 
Yours
requirements of a high-performance organization.  This
includes projects to improve supply chain efficiencyreorganize our logistics system in Europe,  restructure
and rationalize our organization,  primarily in the marketing sector,  further combine activities between the
brands,  and increasingly utilize the internet,  not only for
sales and marketing,  but in order to strengthen contact
with the suppliers and the buyers of our products. 
With these measures,  we intend to reduce our operating
expenses as a percentage of sales in the near future by
up to two percentage points. 

Robert Louis-Dreyfus 
adidas-Salomon 


INNOVATION
When it comes to showcasing our brands,  there's one
common element that stands out: innovative technology. 
adidas,  Salomon,  Taylor Made and Mavic have all made
strides this year with products that break ground in the
sporting goods industry.  This significant competitive
edge has been achieved through on-going product
research and development. 

Innovation: The 
Cornerstone of our Brands 
Today's leading products form the basis for the innovative products of tomorrow.  If we look back to 1954 when
Adi Dassler first invented shoes with screw-in studs,  and
we compare them to shoes we have today,  such as
the fifth generation Predator® with its Exchangeable
TRAXION® outsole,  it's clear that a good idea will
always remain a good idea.  But to remain successfulthe implementation must constantly evolve to meet
consumers' rising demands. 
 good example of the innovative strength of our brands
is Salomon.  Salomon went from making bindings to
producing skis and in-line skates and has lately taken
another market by storm: snowboarding.  Salomon snowboards are so popular because Salomon is constantly
developing boards that ideally meet the needs of this
sport.  Now enjoying the status of cult products,  with
their new technology Salomon snowboards are more fun
to ride than other boards. 
adidas,  Salomon,  Taylor Made and Mavic: dynamic
brands in a dynamic industry.  With this kind of commitment to creating exciting,  innovative products,  one can
only imagine what lies ahead.  One thing is certainthough.  With our dedication,  our innovative spirit and our
honest commitment to sport,  we are ideally positioned
to remain at the leading edge. 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

adidas-Salomon
In a persistently difficult market environment adidasSalomon was able to further increase consolidated net
sales by 6%.  Although partly offset by an increase in operating expenses,  in particular for marketing and promotion
activities,  gross margin improvements led to a significant
improvement in the operating profit.  The financial result
also improved substantially,  taking income before taxes up
25% to a record level of DM 779 million.  A corresponding
improvement of earnings per share was prevented only by
an increased tax rate and higher minority interests. 

Moderate growth in
sporting goods markets 
to the first-time inclusion of net sales of adidas JapanRegion Asia was the main driver of this development. 

Development of the world's sporting goods markets in
1999 was mixed.  While Europe and Asia achieved mod
Decline in licensee sales 
erate growth,  with Asia appearing to have overcome the 
Net licensee sales in 1999 decreased significantly,  de
impact of the economic and currency crises,  the North 
clining by 29% year-over-year to DM 938 million.  This 
American market continued to contract.  The USA,  the 
decline is due to the expiry of the license agreement in 
world's largest sporting goods market,  remained im
Japan at the beginning of the year,  and the inclusion of 
pacted by excess capacities at retail,  shifts in consumer 
sales of the newly built-up adidas Japan in consolidated 
demand and a resulting decline in sales. 

net sales for the first time in 1999.  Sales under product
licenses increased by 11% to DM 340 million. 

Net sales above DM 10 billion
for the first time 
Footwear again largest product division 
In this difficult environment,  adidas-Salomon increased 
Footwear again showed solid growth in 1999.  Net sales 
consolidated net sales by 6% to DM 105 billion.  The 
of Footwear within the adidas-Salomon Group reached 
Salomon brand reported the highest increase,  up 25%. 

DM 43 billion,  up DM 341 million or 85% on the pre
Taylor Made recorded a strong increase of 11%,  while 
vious year. 

the adidas brand showed an improvement of 35%.  Due 
NET SALES BY BRANDS

NET SALES BY BRANDS AND REGIONS

(%)

(growth year-over-year in %)
Mavic 
Ⅲ

08
Europe 
North
America 
Asia 
–4

–1

+82

Salomon 
+18

+21

+54

Taylor Made 
+11

+11

+10

–2

+2

+70

Taylor Made 55

Ⅲ

Salomon 
Ⅲ
Ⅲ

101

adidas 
834

adidas 
Total 
Difference to 100% due to HQ/Consolidation 
Management Discussion and Analysis 



Management Discussion and Analysis 
The contribution of the Footwear division to total net 
North America achieved only modest sales growth of 
sales of the Group increased by 11 percentage points 
19% in 1999,  after having delivered the highest growth 
to 415%.  This means Footwear is now again the largest 
rate the previous year.  Product sales under the adidas 
product division within the adidas-Salomon Group. 

brand name were very strong in the first half of the year
but declined in the second half to record an overall de
Decline in Apparel sales 
crease of 1% for the year.  In a difficult overall market 
Apparel sales,  in contrast,  were impacted by changing 
for athletic footwear and particularly for sports apparel
consumer preferences.  Total Apparel sales reached DM

the adidas brand managed to maintain its overall market 
43 billion,  which represents a decrease of 05% com
share. 

pared to 1998.  Apparel contributed 409% of total net
sales of the Group in 1999,  down 26 percentage points 
Sales performance of the Taylor Made and Salomon 
on the previous year. 

brands in North America was strong.  Taylor Made recorded an 11% increase in sales,  proving that,  in golf in 
Increase in Hardware sales 
particular,  innovative products sell well even in a flat 
As the products of the Salomon and Taylor Made brands 
market.  Salomon increased sales by 21%,  becoming the 
are primarily included in the Hardware division,  which 
Group's fastest growing brand in the American market. 

has changed slightly compared to the prior year,  and as
both brands also recorded strong sales growth,  this divi
Growth in Asia,  North America and Latin America was 
sion showed a correspondingly strong increase,  growing 
sufficient to more than offset a slight decline in sales in 
by 151% to DM 18 billion. 

Europe.  Despite an upward trend over the course of the
year,  sales under the adidas brand name in Europe ex
Strongest sales growth in Asia 
perienced a year-over-year decline of just under 4%. 

In terms of regional performance,  Asia delivered the high
Strong growth in France and the Benelux countries was 
est growth rates.  The increase of 703% to DM 13 billion 
not able to offset decreases in the U.K.,  Germany and 
was driven primarily,  although not exclusively,  by the 
Spain.  The picture in the first half of the year was very 
first-time inclusion of the sales of adidas Japan.  Even 
different from the second half.  In contrast to North 
excluding adidas Japan,  net sales in Region Asia grew 
America though,  Region Europe showed a clear upward 
by 156%.  This development is an indication that most 
trend,  and in the fourth quarter even recorded signifi
of the countries throughout Asia have largely recovered 
cant sales growth. 

from the effects of the economic and currency crises. 
The Salomon and Taylor Made brands performed very
adidas-Salomon was also able to achieve significant 
solidly in Europe.  Taylor Made profited from a positive 
growth in sales in Latin America.  Net sales in this region 
overall market development,  increasing sales by 11%. 

totaled DM 246 million,  which is an increase of 125%. 

Salomon achieved excellent growth rates with both summer and winter products,  recording an 18% increase in
sales for the full year. 

NET SALES BY DIVISION
Share of
net sales
in %

NET SALES BY REGION
Change
year-overyear in %

Footwear 
415
409
174

Asia
122%

– 05

Hardware 
Europe
509%

+85

Apparel 
Americas
363%

+153

Difference to 100% due to HQ/Consolidation 
Difference to 100% due to HQ/Consolidation 

At the same time,  operating expenses,  which comprise 
Gross profit,  with an increase of 107%,  grew at a much 
selling,  general and administrative expenses (SG&A)

stronger rate than sales.  Gross margin improved by 
and depreciation and amortization (excluding goodwill)
 percentage points to 439%.  This is the best margin 
increased by a total of 95% to DM 37 billion.  As a 
that adidas-Salomon has ever achieved. 

percentage of net sales,  this represents an increase of
12 percentage points to 349%. 

The improvement is due to various factors: Sourcing
prices were again lowered slightly.  adidas Japan contrib
Advertising 
uted an above-average margin with sales of the newly 
135% of net sales (compared to 129% in 1998).  This 
and 
promotional 
expenses 
represented 
built-up Group-owned organization included in consoli
development is related to several agreements which had 
dated net sales for the first time.  In particular,  the mar
been signed the previous year and in 1999 drove this 
gin was also positively impacted by currency factors.  US

expenditure position well beyond the medium-term goal 
Dollar requirements for 1999 had been hedged at a 
of around 12%. 

comparably low level,  while the expense incurred in this
respect was largely charged to the previous year.  Taylor 
Depreciation 
and 
amortization 
(excluding 
goodwill 
Made contributed a significantly improved margin through 
amortization) at DM 124 million was 19% above the 
the introduction of new products. 

previous year's level.  This represents 12% of net sales. 

Best operating profit
in the history of the Group 
Amortization of goodwill unchanged 
Operating profit rose by 16% to the record level of DM

the Salomon group remained unchanged at DM 57 mil
942 million.  Amortization of goodwill has been taken out 
lion thus representing the largest part of goodwill 
of the operating profit and included in the non-operating 
amortization,  which totaled DM 76 million. 

Amortization of the goodwill relating to the acquisition of 
result.  This change makes the true operating core of the
business significantly more visible in the operating 
Decline in royalty and commission income 
result than has been the case in the past.  (For com
Royalty and commission income decreased,  more or less 
parison purposes,  the prior year's result has also been 
in line with licensee sales,  by 224% to DM 68 million. 

stripped of goodwill amortization. ) Measured in terms of 
The main reason for this development was the loss of 
volume,  the adidas brand was the main contributor to 
royalties in Japan as a result of the expiry of the licensee 
this positive performance (DM 839 million,  up 4%)
agreement there.  The impact of this change on the 
while Salomon (DM 61 million,  up 487%) and Taylor 
Group's result,  however,  was fully offset by the operating 
Made (DM 68 million,  up 72%) delivered the highest 
profit contribution of the subsidiary built up in Japan in 
growth rates.  More detailed information on sales and 
1999 which was included in the consolidated results for 
performance of the individual brands is presented in the 
the first time. 

segmental reporting. 

GROSS PROFIT

OPERATING PROFIT

(%)

(DM m / %)

Ⅲ

44
43

1000

Ⅲ

42

Ⅲ

800

41
40

1200

Ⅲ

Ⅲ

Ⅲ

10

Ⅲ

Ⅲ

6

600

Ⅲ

400

Ⅲ

39


2

200

1995

1996

1997

1998

Ⅲ Gross profit in % of net sales 
1999

1995

1996

Ⅲ Operating profit
Ⅲ in % of net sales 
1997

1998

1999

Management Discussion and Analysis 
Gross profit grew more strongly than sales 


Income before taxes at record level 
wise remained the same as in 1998.  Excluding the 
The significant improvement of the operating profit and 
contribution from Japan from the previous year's figures
financial result drove income before taxes to a new all
royalty and commission income remained virtually 
time high.  DM 779 million represents an increase of 
unchanged. 

Management Discussion and Analysis 
The companies contributing to the result in 1999 other
DM 155 million or 25% year-over-year and,  additionallyan improvement compared to the record result of 1997. 

Significant improvement
of financial result 
This is the best result the Group has ever achieved. 

Compared to the previous year (minus DM 224 million)the financial result at minus DM 164 million improved 
Earnings per share improvedhigher dividend proposed 
significantly in 1999,  due to the non-recurrence of spe
Net income totaled DM 445 million,  representing an 
cial effects.  In 1998,  substantial expenses had been 
increase of DM 45 million or 11%.  The significant im
incurred in connection with the instruments used for 
provement of income before taxes is not fully reflected 
currency hedging activities which secured a favorable 
in net income due to an overproportional increase in tax 
rate for US Dollar requirements in 1999.  Additionally
expenses and in minority interests.  The tax rate rose by 
the Russian crisis had necessitated one-time provisions 
54 percentage points to 384%.  The main reasons for 
and allowances in 1998.  These burdens did not recur 
this increase: The tax burden in 1998 was reduced as a 
in 1999. 

result of various one-off effects,  which did not lead to
similar reductions in the 1999 fiscal year.  Additionally
During 1999,  net borrowings were reduced slightly.  But 
changes in German tax legislation introduced in March 
 strong US Dollar led to an increase in the DM value 
1999 resulted in an unavoidable increase in the tax rate 
of US Dollar denominated loans and a corresponding 
compared to the greatly reduced level of 1998. 

increase in the interest burden for dollar-denominated
financing.  Despite this development,  in aggregate,  these 
Earnings per share in 1999 reached DM 982,  rep
factors led to a significant improvement of the financial 
resenting a year-over-year improvement (before special 
result. 

effect in 1998) of DM 098 or 11%. 

Extraordinary income neutral on results 
The Executive Board proposes a dividend of DM 180

In 1999,  as in the prior year,  extraordinary income was 
per share.  This represents a total payout of approximately 
recorded.  This amounted to DM 9 million (1998: DM 24

DM 82 million.  The tax situation permits a full tax 
million) although it had no impact on income before 
credit for German domestic shareholders with unlimited 
taxes as offsetting expenses of the same amount were 
tax liability.  With this proposal,  the Executive Board 
included in the selling,  general and administrative ex
remains within the previously identified payout ratio of 
penses.  The expenses and extraordinary income were 
between 15% and 20% of consolidated net income.  The 
directly related to a special reward and incentive plan 
dividend paid for 1998 was DM 165. 

for Management which is sponsored by two individual
shareholders. 

ROYALTY AND COMMISSION INCOME

PROFIT MARGIN ON TURNOVER

(DM m)

(%)

120

12

100

10

80



60



40

Ⅲ

Ⅲ



20

Ⅲ



Ⅲ

1995

1996

1997

1998

1999

Ⅲ

Ⅲ

Ⅲ
Ⅲ

1995

1996

Ⅲ before taxes
Ⅲ net 
Ⅲ
Ⅲ

1997 1998* 1999

* before special effect 

As at December 31,  1999,  credit lines amounted to 
Total assets of the adidas-Salomon Group in 1999 in
financing arrangements in a total of DM 29 billion. 

creased by DM 746 million or 12%.  On the assets side
These credit lines have maturities between 2001 and 
trade accounts receivable showed an overproportional 
2008.  More than half of these lines have maturities 
increase of 29%,  which was related to growth in busi
from the end of 2003 or later.  The total of long-term 
 total of DM 70 billion.  This amount includes committed medium-term credit lines and other longer-term 
ness volume,  partly of adidas Japan,  but also resulted 
financing facilities increased by DM 600 million in 
in part from higher currency exchange rates.  If the 
1999.  In the majority of cases,  adidas-Salomon takes up 
exchange rates of the Deutsche Mark had remained 
short-term loans,  in order to take advantage of the gen
unchanged in 1999,  trade accounts receivable would 
erally lower short-term interest rates.  Interest rate caps 
have shown an increase of only 17%. 

for the protection against interest rate risk amounted to
DM 29 billion at the end of 1999.  Since the beginning 
Year-end inventories in 1999 were 7% up compared to 
of 2000,  adidas-Salomon has arranged additional caps 
the prior year.  This increase is slightly higher than the 
with maturities in 2005 and 2006,  to replace caps 
growth in order backlog but is in line with the Group's 
expiring in 2000 and 2001. 

objective to maintain a close correlation between inventories and order backlogs.  Changes in currency ratios 
At the beginning of 1999,  adidas-Salomon had com
also impacted inventories.  If the exchange rates of 
menced a Treasury Notes Program in Belgium in the 
the Deutsche Mark had remained unchanged in 1999
amount of Euro 150 million.  Substantial investor interest 
inventories would have been reduced by around 2%. 

in this program subsequently led to the volume being 
Current assets rose by 14% in total. 

doubled.  In January 2000,  adidas-Salomon additionally
set up a Commercial Paper Program in Germany in the 
Fixed assets increased by 16%,  impacted by the ex
amount of Euro 750 million,  which was highly success
pansion of the new 'World of Sports" headquarters in 
ful from the start.  The introduction of a Medium-Term 
Herzogenaurach and by investments in state-of-the-art 
Notes Program is planned for the end of the year 2000. 

IT technology.  These investments partly served to handle 
All these activities serve to diversify further the financ
the 'Year 2000 issue" but were also needed in order to 
ing instruments used. 

harmonize and accelerate the implementation of sysThe equity base was considerably strengthened in 
tems and achieve savings in logistics expenses. 

1999.  Equity rose by 47% to DM 13 billion as the
As a result of the reformulation of the equity covenant 
major share of net income was retained within the Group 
in the medium-term credit agreements,  borrowings 
and was thus used to strengthen the equity base.  The 
under these agreements are now reported under long
equity ratio rose by 46 percentage points to 190%. 

term borrowings. 

Financial leverage,  the ratio of net borrowings to equitydecreased by 123 percentage points to 234%. 

DIVIDEND

EQUITY RATIO

(DM per share)

(in % of total assets)
40

200

35
150

Ⅲ
Ⅲ

Ⅲ

30
100

25

Ⅲ

20
050

Ⅲ

15

1995
* proposal 
1996

1997

1998 1999*

1995

1996

1997

1998

1999

Management Discussion and Analysis 
Total assets increasednew financing instruments usedequity ratio significantly improved 
10
and forward contracts,  typically with maturities up to 12

Investments in property and equipment within the Group 
months.  Gains and losses resulting from the hedging of 
totaled DM 198 million (1998: DM 233 million).  Of 
future operations are recorded at the time of the opera
this,  DM 36 million was related to completion of the first 
tion,  whereas the results of hedging of balance sheet 
phase and further expansion of the 'World of Sports". 

items are recorded immediately.  All outstanding hedges 
DM 23 million was invested in expansion and improve
Management Discussion and Analysis 
Increase in investments 
are valued at regular intervals on a mark-to-market basis. 

ment of the IT infrastructure.  Salomon and Taylor Made
invested DM 44 million in new machinery and produc
Increase in number of employees 
tion facilities,  including DM 17 million relating to a 
The average headcount of adidas-Salomon in 1999 was 
production facility for the newly launched golf balls. 

12433 employees.  This represents an increase of 772
compared to 1998.  The number of employees working 
Positive cash flow
utilized to reduce borrowings 
for the adidas and Salomon brands increased by 4% in 
Net cash provided by operating activities in the amount 
to a greater increase in the headcount of this brand. 

both cases.  The strong sales growth of Taylor Made led 
of DM 642 million exceeded investments by DM 381
million.  After deduction of the dividend payment,  it 
Strategic intentions are reflected in the structure of 
was,  for the most part,  utilized in reducing net borrow
the workforce.  The number of employees working in the 
ings.  Outstanding net borrowings decreased accordingly
design and development sectors increased more strongly 
from DM 32 billion at the end of 1998 to DM 31 billion 
than,  for instance,  in Headquarter functions. 

at the end of 1999.  This decrease would have been
approximately DM 170 million higher if it had not been 
Risk management system expanded 
for the negative impact that the weaker exchange rate 
The adidas-Salomon Group operates a methodical and 
for the Deutsche Mark had on the valuation of outstand
systematic management reporting process that provides 
ing US Dollar bank loans. 

the Executive Board with latest information concerning
financial results in relation to budgets and prior year 
Management of currency risk 
figures.  Corporate performance in the short-term period 
adidas-Salomon is exposed to risk resulting from fluc
is outlined in the annual budget process.  Additionally
tuations in currency exchange rates,  as a high share 
the forecasted full-year result is analyzed on a monthly 
of product is sourced from suppliers invoicing in US

basis with a view to possible budget variances. 

Dollars,  while the majority of sales are invoiced in markets with other local currencies,  particularly European 
Expansion of the reporting system in 2000 will guar
currencies and the Japanese Yen.  Currency management 
antee formal communication of risks.  In addition,  the 
policies are established by the Treasury Committee 
strategic mid-term plan charting corporate performance 
which is mainly composed of members of senior manage
for the next three years will take into account potential 
ment.  The Group hedges currency risks and,  on a selec
risks for the Group.  With the development of a risk 
tive basis,  also risks relating to foreign-currency items in 
management handbook,  the areas of risk for the Group 
the balance sheet,  through the use of currency options 
will be explicitly documented,  including risk management tools and responsibilities. 

NET BORROWINGS
(DM m)
4000
3500
3000
2500
2000
1500
1000
500
1995

1996

1997

1998

1999

11
adidas-Salomon has also completed the 'Best Practice 
contained in the following sectors:

Standards' which define the environmental requirements 
● possible shifts in brand preferences
for product materials.  These Standards focus on making 
● economic,  political or legal changes in the overall 
sure that products do not present a risk to consumers or 
industry framework
to the environment and are even more stringent than 
● a tougher competitive environment
international legal requirements. 

● changes in distribution structures,  and
● changes in exchange rates,  financing terms and tax
guidelines. 

Changeover to Euro planned for 2002
adidas-Salomon has decided to change pricing to Euro
from the Spring/Summer 2002 season onwards.  This 
With the above-stated initiatives,  adidas-Salomon is 
timeline is based on the wishes of customers,  the major
addressing the requirements set forth in the German 
ity of whom want to see Euro-driven pricing and in
Law on Control and Transparency in the Corporate Sector 
voicing from the point in time at which consumers have 
(KonTraG) which was introduced in 1998. 

access to Euro bank notes and coins,  i, e.  early 2002. 
Thus,  the chosen changeover date reflects the Group's 
Activities in Social and
Environmental Affairs stepped up 
customer orientation. 

The program to ensure that the adidas-Salomon brand 
Preparations for conversion of the Group's accounting 
values are real and the Standards of Engagement are 
systems in the individual countries in the Euro zone have 
adhered to in the factories making adidas-Salomon 
already begun and,  according to the current planning 
products progressed rapidly in 1999.  Action plans were 
status,  will be completed immediately after the 2001

developed with suppliers for the continuous improve
year-end closing. 

ment of factories around the world.  At factories where
the management has proved to be uncooperative busi
Y2K issue presented no problems 
ness relationships have been closed. 

Preparations for addressing the 'Year 2000 issue" were
started in 1997 with the establishing of a Y2K Global 
For the first time,  independent external auditors have 
Task Force.  The task of this group was to ensure that 
started checking the findings of internal audits,  reduc
adidas-Salomon itself,  its customers,  suppliers and 
ing even further the risk of unfair treatment of factory 
other business partners would not be affected by the 
workers.  Similar activities,  which are required by the 
'Millennium Bug". 

membership of the Fair Labor Association (FLA),  will be
conducted even more widely in 2000.  The FLA is a 
The task force completed its work successfully.  At the 
collaboration between non-governmental organizations 
beginning of January 2000,  all IT equipment,  systems 
and companies,  which adidas-Salomon joined in 1999. 

and applications were re-started and tested.  All departments within the adidas-Salomon organization participated in the test process,  and all results were positive. 
This means no serious Y2K errors were encountered
within the organization,  or within the environment on
which it has direct influence. 

EMPLOYEES
(year-end)
15000
12500
10000
7500
5000
2500

1995

1996

1997

1998

1999

Management Discussion and Analysis 
Risks for the business of the adidas-Salomon Group are 
adidas 
12

Expanding the boundaries of soccer,  as with all sportsis what keeps it alive for the players and for the fans. 
Everyone wants faster,  more accurate and more exciting
play.  At this year's Euro 2000™ championship,  the first
major sporting event of the new millennium and the
highlight of the year in soccer,  their wish can be granted
– due in great part to several technological innovations
from adidas. 

Soccer in the New Century 
Eight of the sixteen teams taking part in the tournament,  as well as the match officials,  will step onto
the pitch in ClimaLite apparel,  the adidas line of
advanced moisture-wicking fabrics.  Furthermore,  all
goals will be scored with the official matchball,  the
adidas EQUIPMENT Terrestra Silverstream.  And some
of the world's most talented players will be equipped
with adidas' new star,  the EQUIPMENT Predator®
Precision shoe. 
This soccer shoe,  the most advanced in the world todayis further proof of adidas' dedication to soccer which
goes back to the very beginnings of the company.  The
new shoe combines Predator® technology,  the Exchangeable TRAXION® outsole and the adidas footwear philosophy of manufacturing shoes to fit exactly the shape
of the human foot.  Exchangeable TRAXION®,  patented
by adidas,  is designed for soft ground and features eight
exchangeable magnesium TRAXION® studs and two
fixed center studs.  With this design,  the outsole can be
customized,  which is truly a revolution in soccer shoes. 
Some of the world's top players have helped to develop
and test the new shoe.  Their verdict? The best yet. 

adidas 
13

SOCCER
INTHENEWCENTURY

Management Discussion and Analysis 
14

adidas
Sales and operating profit of the adidas brand in 1999
showed moderate growth.  A slight decline in sales in Europe
was offset by strong double-digit growth in Asia,  driven by
the first-time inclusion of sales of adidas Japan.  In North
America,  the positive sales performance of the first six
months did not continue into the second half of the year,  and
at year-end net sales were slightly down on the prior year. 
The operating profit was positively impacted by currency
hedging which secured favorable rates for 1999 requirements,  with related expenses already mainly charged to
income in the prior year.  For 2000,  it is expected that sales
in Europe will grow again,  Asia will record strong increasesbut North America will experience a significant decline. 

New record in sales and operating profit 
The gross margin of the adidas brand improved by 
In 1999,  adidas increased net sales by 35% to DM 87

19 percentage points to 440%.  This improvement is 
billion.  Measured against the growth rates of the previous 
due to several factors: favorable exchange rates for US

three years,  this represents a modest increase.  But mea
Dollar requirements,  strengthened control over sourcing 
sured against the difficult market conditions,  particularly 
costs,  and an above-average margin in Japan,  where 
in North America,  the growth rate underlines the strength 
adidas now has its own sales subsidiary. 

of the adidas brand. 
The margin improvement was largely offset by increased
Footwear sales generated stronger growth rates than 
operating expenses.  In particular,  marketing and promo
total net sales,  increasing by 7% to DM 42 billion. 

tional expenditures,  up 12%,  increased at an above
Sales of Apparel declined slightly,  by 04% to DM 43

average rate compared to the previous year.  Agreements 
billion.  With an increase of 7%,  Hardware sales also 
entered into in 1998 drove marketing and promotional 
grew at a stronger rate than total net sales to reach 
expenses as a percentage of net sales to 14% and 
DM 300 million. 

AT A GLANCE

1999

Net sales
Gross margin
Operating profit
Orders*

* at end of year 
Change
year-overyear 
DM 87 bn 
+35%

440%

+19 PP

DM 839 m 
+4%
+2%

15
With net sales growing and the margin improving,  the 
medium-term objective.  However,  marketing and promo
operating contribution also increased strongly,  under
tion has to be seen as an investment into the adidas 
lining the growing importance of the Asian markets. 

brand,  safeguarding future market success.  Total operating expenses in 1999 were 9% up on the previous year. 

Positive outlook for 2000
The outlook for the adidas brand in the Asia/Pacific 
Nevertheless,  operating profit increased by 4%,  growing 
region for the year 2000 remains very promising.  Invest
at a somewhat stronger rate than net sales to reach the 
ment into the brand since the Asian crisis has contin
record level of DM 839 million.  This is the best result 
ued,  and strategic orientation has been redefined.  Addi
that the adidas brand has ever achieved. 

tionally,  the Sydney Olympics in 2000 will stimulate
enthusiasm for sport throughout the entire region.  Fur
Strongest sales growth in Asia/Pacific 
ther roll-outs of new merchandising tools,  harmonization 
Asia/Pacific showed the strongest sales growth amongst 
of the product ranges and optimized distribution con
the regions in 1999.  The increase of 82% to DM 979

cepts will help to strengthen or regain market share in 
million was largely driven by the first-time inclusion of 
the individual countries in the region. 

sales of adidas Japan.  However,  even without adidas
Japan,  net sales in the region grew by 5%,  following the 
Substantial investments in the infrastructure in Aus
broad-based economic recovery especially in the second 
tralia are expected to support its growth in the coming 
half of the year. 

years. 

Sales in South Korea,  China,  India,  New Zealand,  the 
On the basis of a solid performance in 1999 in 
Philippines,  Singapore and Taiwan all grew by more than 
Japan,  the most important market in this part of the 
20%.  The promotional contract with the All Blacks,  New 
world,  adidas is expected to continue to grow in 2000. 

Zealand's national rugby team,  significantly contributed 
Activities will focus on brand repositioning and the 
to positive sales development in New Zealand during the 
preparations for the Soccer World Cup in 2002. 

second half of 1999. 
The key marketing objective for the coming years
Other markets such as Hong Kong,  Malaysia and Thai
remains to become one of the leading sports brands in 
land are stabilizing after the Asian currency crisis. 

all markets in the Asia/Pacific region.  By continuing
marketing investments in key areas and categories,  it 
Gross margin improved 
should be possible in the near future to achieve a strong 
Gross margin in Asia improved by 45 percentage points 
number two position in the majority of these markets. 

to 449%,  mainly resulting from the first-time inclusion
of adidas Japan.  For all other countries,  margins could be
maintained by adjusting pricing,  product mix and distribution strategies to the changed market environment. 

ASIA/PACIFIC

FOOTWEAR NET SALES

1999

Net sales
Gross margin
Orders*

* at end of year 
Change
year-overyear 
DM 979 m 
+82%

449%

(in brackets: change year-over-year)

+45 PP

Americas
439%
(+24%)

Europe
457%
(+31%)

Asia
100%
(+716%)

+15%

Difference to 100% due to HQ/Consolidation 
Management Discussion and Analysis 
thus beyond the 12% level which constitutes the 
Management Discussion and Analysis 
16

Europe back on a growth track
1999 proved to be a year of continuous sales perfor
Sales growth in
Benelux,  France,  Italy and Austria 
mance improvement in Europe and delivered the best 
While markets in Europe are continuing to grow to
operating result in the history of the adidas brand.  While 
gether,  this region still represents a conglomerate of 
sales declined in the first two quarters,  by 9% and 10%

many individual markets showing a mixed development 
respectively,  the third quarter already reached the previ
picture.  adidas achieved growth primarily in markets 
ous year's level.  In the fourth quarter,  sales then showed 
where the brand previously had relatively small market 
growth of 10%.  Consequently,  sales for the full year 
shares,  growing by 18% in the Benelux countries,  11%

were only 37% below the previous year.  Footwear and 
in France and 6% in Italy. 

Apparel in 1999 showed contrasting developments. 
Austria profited from the fact that,  for the first time
Footwear sales continued to grow 
adidas offered the same range in Austria as in Germany
Footwear sales in 1999 were again up on the previous 
achieving sales growth of 18%. 

year,  showing an increase of 31%,  despite a perceptible trend also in Europe toward brown shoes.  According 
In Germany and the U.K.,  the strongest markets for 
to the figures available,  the adidas brand managed to 
the adidas brand in Europe,  sales declined by 6% and 
increase its share of the total footwear market in 1999

16% respectively.  Spain was down by 14%.  In all these 
by about 1 percentage point to around 26%.  While 
countries,  the decline in what is regarded as fashion
adidas has always been the undisputed market leader in 
oriented Apparel was significantly more pronounced 
Germany,  in 1999 the brand recaptured market leader
than the decline in Footwear. 

ship in Switzerland as well. 
Markets in Eastern Europe were characterized by unrest. 

Decline in Apparel sales 
Russia stabilized in the aftermath of the economic cri
Apparel sales in 1999 showed a decrease of 8%.  Apparel 
sis,  but only at a low level.  The financial crisis in Russia 
proved to be difficult,  as products with the three stripes 
significantly impacted the economies of the bordering 
had followed a fashion trend,  particularly in the U.K. 

countries,  thus also indirectly affecting demand for 
and Spain.  In 1998,  this trend broke off,  declining still 
sporting goods.  Strong currency fluctuations impacted 
further in 1999.  However,  order intake indicates that an 
sales performance in countries such as the Ukraine. 

improvement is to be expected for the year 2000.  At the 
Additionally,  the war in Kosovo led to general instability 
end of 1999,  order growth rates for Apparel reached the 
in the Balkan countries. 

same level as Footwear again for the first time in 1999. 
Nevertheless,  it cannot be ignored that Apparel has come
under tougher competitive pressure as more and more
brands from the leisure fashion sector enter the market
for sports-oriented customers. 

EUROPE

APPAREL NET SALES

1999

Net sales
Gross margin
Orders*

* at end of year 
Change
year-overyear 
DM 46 bn 
–4%

421%

(in brackets: change year-over-year)

+08 PP

Americas
285%
(–36%)

Europe
595%
(–80%)

Asia
117%
(+926%)

+8%

Difference to 100% due to HQ/Consolidation 
17
The year 2000 is also highlighted by major sports 
The gross margin in Europe improved by 08 percentage 
sales figures.  The European Soccer Championship,  for 
points to 421%.  This was primarily due to favorable 
example,  will provide a strong platform for underlining 
exchange rates for the US Dollar and successful
adidas' leadership position in this sport,  with new prod
stepped-up inventory clearance activities.  At the same 
ucts,  a balanced product line and,  of course,  corre
time,  cost-cutting measures led to a reduction in operat
sponding support through marketing activities. 

events which are expected to have a positive impact on 
ing expenses,  causing the operating contribution to
improve.  This meant that,  for Europe,  1999 was the
most successful year ever. 

Tough retail environment impeded
growth in North America
In 1999,  adidas was confronted with a difficult retail 
Control over the brand
further strengthened 
environment in North America.  Over the last few years
In the context of increasing Europeanization,  adidas'

demand would appear to have justified.  Accordingly
objective is to achieve best possible control over the 
some companies have experienced severe financial 
brand.  To this end,  wholly-owned sales organizations or 
problems in the meantime,  which has led to two of 
joint ventures have been established in recent years in 
them going out of business,  while others have reduced 
markets formerly serviced by licensees.  This policy was 
the number of shops drastically. 

sports retailers expanded floor space much faster than 
further underlined with the founding of a joint venture
in Turkey.  In 2000,  a joint venture in Finland with the 
For sporting goods companies,  contracting distribution 
former distributor in Finland will commence operational 
channels create short-term difficulties as retailers need 
activities.  This partner has a majority shareholding in 
to sell off their excess inventories and tend to order less 
one of the biggest retailer customers of the adidas brand 
new product a situation that has led to decreasing 
in Finland. 

sales figures already.  But,  for the medium term,  the
current consolidation will lead to a much healthier retail 
Increase in sales anticipated for 2000

environment and,  most likely,  spur renewed growth for 
Based on the 1999 year-end order situation,  which showed 
sporting goods companies. 

 year-over-year improvement of 8%,  one-digit sales growth
in Europe is expected for the year 2000.  Order figures
are showing a positive trend in most key countries,  led
by Spain and France with growth of over 30%. 

NORTH AMERICA

FOOTWEAR NET SALES

1999

Net sales
Gross margin
Orders*

Change
year-overyear 
DM 28 bn 
–1%

386%

+01 PP
–9%

(by categories,  in %)
Training 
Ⅲ
Ⅲ

40
12

Tennis 
Ⅲ
Ⅲ

* at end of year 
10

Running
Basketball 
Ⅲ

13

Soccer 
Ⅲ



Others 
16

Management Discussion and Analysis 
Improvement in gross margin
and operating contribution 
18
time since 1993,  although this was not the indication 
Gross margin improvedoperating contribution deteriorated 
provided by the performance picture in the first half 
Although sales in North America fell below the prior 
year.  In the first six months,  sales increased by 10%
year,  the gross margin increased by 01 percentage 
mainly due to the fact that business performance in the 
points to an all-time high of 386%.  Despite increases 
USA was still strong.  In the first half of the year,  the 
in clearance sales,  adidas was still able to command 
adidas brand outperformed most of the major competi
favorable prices from North American customers,  which 
tors and the overall market.  From the third quarter on
is a clear indication of the enduring strength of the brand. 

however,  adidas was also impacted by the difficulties of 
Stringent management of production and material costs 
the American market.  Sales and orders slowed.  As a 
also contributed to improved margins. 

Management Discussion and Analysis 
In this difficult environment,  sales declined for the first 
result,  annual net sales for the region decreased by 9%
in the third quarter and by 13% in the fourth quarter.  In 
However,  operating expenses could not be adjusted fast 
total,  1999 sales in North America reached DM 28 bil
enough to compensate for slowing demand,  resulting in 
lion,  down 1% compared to the prior year. 

 deterioration of the operating contribution in North
America. 

Apparel sales declined
The negative impact on sales in the North American mar
Involvement in true American sports 
kets came exclusively from Apparel.  Textile sales declined 
In 1999,  adidas maintained its policy of promoting 
by 5% to DM 12 billion,  reflecting the shift in consum
teams and individual athletes in true American sports 
er demand away from sports-related apparel to leisure 
such as baseball,  football and basketball.  The relation
and casual-oriented styles. 

ship with the World Series Champion New York Yankees
continues to establish adidas as a leader in the profes
Footwear sales increased further 
sional sports sector.  Associations with four National 
In net sales of Footwear,  an increase of 2% to DM 16

Football League (NFL) teams and agreements with 
billion could be maintained.  As the market for athletic 
several premier college programs rich in sports tradition 
footwear grew at about the same rate,  the adidas market 
improve the brand's visibility. 

share could also be maintained at the previous year's
level of between 12% and 13%. 

 high level of involvement continues to be maintained
in soccer as well.  The adidas-sponsored Women's World
Cup event enhanced the brand name significantly in
this sector.  Increased media exposure was also provided
through the 'Training For Sport" campaign. 

APPAREL NET SALES
(by categories,  in %)

Ⅲ
Ⅲ

Workout 


Soccer 
16

Swim 
Ⅲ



Others 
Ⅲ



Lifestyle 
Ⅲ
Ⅲ



Training 
67

Outlook for North America
expected to improve 
Control over the brand strengthened 
Based on the order situation,  sales in the first half of 
panied by an ongoing commitment to strengthen control 
2000 are expected to remain on the decline.  Demand 
over the brand in Latin America.  The establishment of a 
for Apparel,  in particular,  continues to slow. 

wholly-owned adidas subsidiary in Colombia marks the 
These efforts to achieve sustainable growth are accom
commitment to this policy,  as does the take-over of
In the second half of the year 2000,  business is ex
sales activities in Central America and the Caribbean
pected to improve again.  It is anticipated that sales in 
which had formerly been serviced by a distributor. 

the second half will reach the previous year's level.  This
is supported by indications that the Fall/Winter ranges
 growing number of adidas-owned retail stores will help 
containing many new designs,  have met with positive 
gauge market sentiment and convey a consistent brand 
customer response. 

message throughout the region.  In addition,  substantial
efforts will continue to be focused on the presentation 
Latin America recovered well
At the beginning of 1999,  the shock waves that had
rocked the financial markets in Asia and Russia in
1998 also reached Latin America.  The devaluation of
the Brazilian Real in January had a significant impact
on the entire continent,  affecting economies throughout
the region.  Most severely affected were the subsidiaries
in Brazil,  Uruguay and Argentina,  although the latter
still managed to increase its net sales by 53%. 

Apparel sales grew more
strongly than Footwear
Overall,  the net sales of adidas subsidiaries in the region
increased by 13% to DM 246 million,  with Apparel growing by 44% and Footwear by 8%.  These very different
growth rates reflect the fact that growing the Apparel
business has been a major focal point in further development of the adidas brand.  The product management
and sales force in this division were strengthened in
1999.  Accordingly,  the Apparel share of total net sales
increased from 18% to 23%.  Comparison with the
Group average indicates that there is still considerable
potential for further growth in the Apparel category. 

LATIN AMERICA

1999

Net sales
Gross margin 
Change
year-overyear 
DM 246 m 
+13%

400%

+10 PP

of the brand at independent retailers. 

Management Discussion and Analysis 
19

Salomon 
20

The ski that's a sensation
in the half-pipe 
Salomon's leading position in winter sports is founded
on the innovative spirit of the brand.  Salomon's philosophy is to continuously develop new exciting and
innovative products and establish them in the market. 
The latest example: This year's release of the Teneighty
was a big event for free-ride junkies.  It's an incredibly 
1080

versatile ski,  designed to pull spectacular tricks and mix
with snowboarders in the half-pipe.  It has a twin tip to
facilitate landing backwards and forwards with total
confidence. 

21
Salomon 
Defining a Generation of 
Alpine Sports Equipment
Salomon snowboards took the slopes and the pipes by
storm,  becoming established in the market much faster
than anticipated.  Known and recognized for their high
level of quality and excellent performance characteristics,  it took only three years for Salomon snowboards to
achieve an extremely solid reputation in the snowboarding scene. 
The story behind this success story is the philosophy
followed by Salomon in its approach to the development of new products.  The riders asked for a new generation of technical,  high-quality,  innovative equipment. 
Salomon responded at the very highest functional level. 
The Salomon pro riders are directly involved in product development.  This communication and co-operation 
At the forefront of snowboard
between the snowboard pros and Salomon's develop
ing is the PM 153 Daniel 
ment team results in products that exactly meet snow
Franck®.  This pro model is 
boarders' needs: Salomon boards are simply more fun to 
powerful and progressive,  the 
ride than other boards. 

ultimate board for precision
handling in parks and pipes. 

Salomon boards are amongst the most solid in the 
The full Isowood core gives its 
market.  Salomon also designs and makes cutting-edge 
deck a completely new light
snowboarding boots and binding systems,  offering all 
weight,  responsive feel.  This 
snowboard enthusiasts equipment that guarantees utmost 
professional board is wrapped 
functionality in all conditions,  and allowing all riders to 
in Salomon's unique Unibody 
constantly push the limits of their performance. 

Monocoque for strength and
durability. 

PM 153 Daniel Franck :
®

the board-of-the-art 
Management Discussion and Analysis 
22

Salomon
1999 was a very successful year for the Salomon brand. 
Net sales increased by 25%.  Growth came from all parts of
the world,  with Asia showing the strongest growth rates. 
Salomon improved sales of winter sports products by nearly
20%.  Sales growth of summer products was even twice as
high indicating that the market has accepted all innovative product lines very well.  The growth in sales has been
leveraged fully to the bottom line.  The operating result
increased fivefold to DM 61 million,  reflecting the impact
of the integration measures. 

Strong improvements for
summer and winter product sales 
Sales in summer products
grew by nearly 50%

Net sales of products under the Salomon brand name 
Summer products enjoyed another strong year,  increas
increased by 25% to DM 11 billion in 1999.  Sales in 
ing sales by 48% to DM 255 million.  With In-Line Skate 
winter sports increased by 19% to DM 810 million.  In 
sales growing 109% to DM 89 million,  Salomon now 
the winter product sector,  the strongest improvements 
holds the number two position in the high-end segment 
were achieved in the Snowboard and Alpine Ski catego
of this market.  As a result of this improvement and a 
ries.  Sales of Snowboards increased by 68% to DM 130

healthy 29% increase in the Hiking/Footwear category
million.  Alpine Ski equipment (skis,  bindings,  boots and 
summer products now comprise 24% of the total 
snowblades) grew 16%,  due largely to the success of 
Salomon sales.  It is the medium-term goal of Salomon 
several high-end products like the X-Scream,  the new 
to create a nearly equal split between summer and win
short racing skis Superaxe 2V and 3V and the Teneighty 
ter products in order to decrease the impact of the 
freestyle ski. 

seasonality of the business on sales and earnings. 

AT A GLANCE

NET SALES,  BY REGION

1999

Net sales
Gross margin
Operating profit 
Change
year-overyear 
DM 11 bn 
+25%

396%

+06 PP

DM 61 m 
+487%

(in brackets: change year-over-year)
Americas
271%
(+211%)

Europe
514%
(+175%)

Asia
215%
(+544%)

Asia showed strongest growth
Net sales grew by 54% in Asia,  by 21% in North America 
Sales and profitability
improvements expected for 2000

and by 18% in Europe.  In Asia and in North America
It is currently anticipated that net sales of Salomon 
however,  the strong currencies partly contributed to 
brand products will continue to grow in the year 2000. 

these impressive figures,  particularly in the fourth quar
The gross margin is also expected to show further 
ter.  Europe continues to be the most important market 
improvement.  It is expected that the operating profit for 
for Salomon,  accounting for 51% of net sales.  27% of 
the Salomon brand will continue to improve,  despite 
net sales are achieved in North America,  22% in Asia. 

increased operating expenses relating to the building up
of the European sales organization as outlined in the 
Gross profit grew faster than sales 
growth and efficiency program. 

The gross profit improved by 28% to DM 424 million. 
The gross margin was again increased,  by 06 percentage
points to 396%,  primarily due to the improved margins
of the recently introduced product lines. 

Operating profit at record level
The operating profit of the Salomon brand increased fivefold to DM 61 million,  as operating expenses (up 13%)
increased at a lower rate compared to net sales and
gross profit.  Keeping expense growth confined to this
rate is largely the result of the measures undertaken to
integrate the Salomon brand into the Group.  adidasSalomon reported on these steps in detail in the Annual
Report for 1998.  These measures,  be it the integration
of sales organizations,  the integration of sourcing activities,  or the restructuring of Salomon from a separate
business into an integrated Group business,  have all
now been implemented. 

NET SALES,  BY PRODUCTS
(%)
Hiking boots / Footwear 
Ⅲ

16

Alpine skis 
Ⅲ

23

Gear 
Ⅲ
Ⅲ



Cross-country
ski equipment 
Ⅲ



In-line skates 


Ⅲ
Ⅲ

14

Snowboards 
Ⅲ

Bindings 
12

Ski boots 
17

Management Discussion and Analysis 
23

Taylor Made 
24

The Wood Behind 
Taylor Made 
Taylor Made is the brand that created high-performance
steel metalwoods over twenty years ago.  The best professional players in the world and amateurs of all skill
levels quickly recognized the superior performance of
the Taylor Made metalwood.  The result is that today
wood clubs made of actual wood have become all but
invisible in the marketplace. 

Taylor Made is the brand that created high-performance steel metalwoods over twenty years ago. 

GOLF

Taylor Made 
25

Taylor Made is again demonstrating its club design 
Since their launch,  Taylor Made's patented 
leadership.  The SuperSteel line of metalwoods makes 
InerGel golf balls have taken more market share 
use of a new,  very high-strength steel alloy which allows 
than any other new golf ball entrant.  This resilient 
the new SuperSteel clubs to be 20% larger,  better 
material enables the balls to produce a unique 
performing and superior feeling. 

combination of driver distance,  iron spin control
and feel around the green. 

The benefits of SuperSteel are not confined to metalwoods only.  The newly launched SuperSteel irons make
use of the same strong steel featuring a thinner face
and a lower center of gravity.  The result: ease of play
and superior feel. 
Both the SuperSteel irons and metalwoods use the
latest generation of Taylor Made's proprietary Bubble
shaft.  Invented,  designed and refined by Taylor Made to
work with the SuperSteel clubheads,  the Bubble shaft
has been called the most sophisticated shaft in golf. 
The Taylor Made range is complemented with the FireSole metalwoods and irons.  The Titanium FireSole metalwoods are for those demanding very high performance
and the ultimate in technology.  Tour-proven,  they continue to be among the top-selling woods in the market. 
FireSole irons feature titanium,  tungsten and steel construction used to optimize performance for the different
segments of the iron set. 
Taylor Made has also pioneered a new type of golf club
that is gaining more and more notoriety.  This is called
the Rescue club.  It's a club with unique size and appearance to be used as a replacement for long irons or fairway woods.  It has the power of a fairway wood,  the
accuracy of an iron,  and an unmatched level of versatility.  Constructed of strong,  yet light titanium along
with a high-density tungsten sole,  the Rescue has an
extremely low center of gravity.  This easy-to-play club
has received rave reviews by the golf media and has
become widely used on the professional tours.  The
Rescue club carries on Taylor Made's tradition of innovation driven by performance technology. 

The 
InerGel golf ball 
Management Discussion and Analysis 
26

Taylor Made
In 1999,  the golf industry recovered from the disappointments of 1998.  With stabilization of the Asian economyweather conditions again more conducive to playing golf in
the United States,  and a generally expanding interest in the
game,  global market sales in 1999 grew.  Taylor Made was
at the forefront of this industry recovery following the slump
in sales and earnings in 1998.  The largest introduction
of new products in the brand's history produced a solid
turnaround in earnings for 1999. 

Sales up 11%

In Europe,  which contributes 14% of total sales
Taylor Made's new technologies under the 'FireSole"

Taylor Made shifted its distribution from independent 
name in Metalwoods and Irons and the introduction of 
distributors to a fully Taylor Made-controlled organization. 

the 'Nubbins" putter line and the 'InerGel" golf balls
enabled the brand to reverse the previous year's decline 
In Asia,  which represents 12% of the Taylor Made 
in sales and earnings as well as expand its market share 
business,  an improvement in the overall economic cli
in key product categories.  Taylor Made significantly ex
mate had a positive impact on sales.  Sales in Japan also 
ceeded the 1998 sales levels in the last three quarters 
profited from the strong Yen. 

of 1999 after increased investments in developmentmanufacturing and logistics. 

Gross margin improved
The gross profit of Taylor Made increased by 25% to 
The majority of the sales growth was generated in the 
reach DM 288 million.  Gross margin rose by 54 per
USA.  Net sales in North America,  representing 74% of 
centage points to 501%.  This improvement was driven 
total sales,  grew by 11%.  This is the same rate as was 
by the increased demand for Taylor Made's new products 
achieved in Europe.  Asia grew by 10%. 

and technologies.  In 1998,  in contrast,  a general slowdown in demand and high inventories had led to significant price discounts,  greatly depressing gross margins. 

AT A GLANCE

NET SALES,  BY REGION

1999

Net sales
Gross margin
Operating profit 
Change
year-overyear 
DM 571 m 
+11%

501%

+54 PP

DM 68 m 
+72%

(in brackets: change year-over-year)
Americas
747%
(+113%)

Europe
138%
(+109%)

Asia
115%
(+101%)

In addition,  the shift of club component production to 
Third,  in the United States,  Taylor Made increased its 
lower-cost production sources in Southeast Asia also 
investment in management and technical personnel 
contributed to gross margin improvement. 

during the latter half of 1999 to service the increase in
sales and to position the brand to achieve further sales 
Gross margin improved in each of the principal market 
growth in 2000. 

regions for the Taylor Made brand during 1999,  with the
largest gain in gross margin percentage being realized in 
Strong increase in operating profit 
the important Japanese market. 

The improved gross margin more than offset increased
expenses.  As a result,  the operating profit of the Taylor 
Operating expenses reflect
focus on repositioning 
Made brand rose by 72% to DM 68 million. 

Operating expenses increased at a rate of 16%,  growing
slightly faster than net sales.  This increase was driven 
Taylor Made and
adidas Golf business unified 
by the need to reposition the Taylor Made brand. 

The creation of a Global Business Unit 'Taylor Madeadidas Golf" was completed in 1999 with the installation 
First,  Taylor Made expanded its marketing activities 
of a new management team and organizational structure 
during 1999 to support the introduction of the wide 
in Carlsbad,  California.  Strategic planning and product 
array of new products and technologies launched during 
design as well as development and marketing direction 
the year. 

are now centralized,  combining Taylor Made and adidas
Golf into one organization.  Taylor Made-adidas Golf is 
Second,  total operating expenses were adversely affected 
responsible for all golf products in the Golf category of 
in 1999 by the cost of integration of the European sales 
the adidas-Salomon Group. 

and marketing efforts.  The European integration resulted
in increases in logistics,  sales and bad debt expenses. 

Growth expected for 2000

However,  by the end of 1999 the efficiencies targeted 
As a result of the organizational changes described
with this integration were already being seen and should 
Taylor Made-adidas Golf is now positioned to compete in 
result in more efficient and more economical operations 
all major golf product categories.  The centralization of 
in 2000. 

strategy and management will allow better use of the
strengths and consistent image of its brands in each of
the major regional markets. 

NET SALES,  BY PRODUCTS
(%)
Putters 
Ⅲ



Balls 
Ⅲ
Ⅲ
Ⅲ



Irons 
Ⅲ

35

Woods 
45

Accessories 10

Management Discussion and Analysis 
27

Mavic 
28

INNOVATION AND

REVOLUTIONARY

TECHNOLOGY

Mavic 
29

Mavic Keeps the Lead
1999 was,  indeed,  a year of innovation and revolution
In addition,  there are new wheelsets for the road 
ary technology for Mavic.  Since the introduction of the 
as well:

Cosmic in 1994,  Mavic has been at the forefront of producing complete wheelsets.  In spite of increased com
 The Ksyrium SSC a comfortable,  lightweight wheel 
petition and the fact that many new high-tech wheels 
with improved aerodynamics,  which has already seen 
have arrived on the market,  Mavic is still the one that 
great success during the Tour de France. 

other brands reference. 

 The Cosmic Carbon SSC engineered for the rising
demands of top-level racing. 

Mavic's success can be attributed to three key factors:
innovation,  innovation,  innovation.  Cycling Today maga
 The Cosmos a high-performance wheel with a highly
competitive price. 

zine in Great Britain credited Mavic for having three
of the top twenty innovations of the century: the aluminium rim,  the 501 hub and the Mektronic gearshift. 
The new wheel for mountain biking fans,  the Crossmax
UST is a further example of Mavic's innovative power.  It
is lightweight,  solid and tubeless.  This is why Bicycling
Magazine in the U.S.  described the Crossmax UST tubeless wheel as 'the greatest bicycle innovation since the
introduction of suspension". 

Innovation and Revolutionary Technology 
Management Discussion and Analysis 
30

Mavic
1999 was a difficult year for the bicycle and bike component industry.  As a result of its cost-cutting program,  however,  Mavic again posted a positive operating result.  The
introduction of new Wheels led to an improved second half
of the year in terms of sales and orders. 

Sales in USA and Europe declined 
Positive operating result 
Net sales of the Mavic brand decreased by 16% to 
Despite the decline in net sales and gross profit,  Mavic 
DM 86 million.  This was a result of continued erosion of 
achieved a positive operating result for the second year 
the mountain-bike market,  high inventories at the begin
in a row.  In an effort to streamline costs,  operating 
ning of the year and the tarnished image of the sport in 
expenses were decreased by more than 12%,  resulting 
the wake of doping scandals in professional cycling.  In 
in an operating profit of DM 1 million,  which was DM 1

North America and Europe,  sales deteriorated at a simi
million less than in the previous year.  Mavic also 
lar rate,  declining in both regions by 18%.  As Europe 
managed to maintain tight control over inventories and 
accounts for 78% and North America for 18% of total 
receivables. 

net sales of the Mavic brand respectively,  the decline
Asia represents only 4% of product sales under the 
New range of products
improves outlook for 2000

Mavic brand name. 

Increased orders indicate that Mavic sales will improve 
could not be offset by the strong growth of 43% in Asia. 

in 2000 as the introduction of the new,  innovative 
Gross margin improved 
Wheel products gains momentum.  Rims remain a core 
Gross profit declined,  at a somewhat slower pace than 
category for Mavic in 2000,  and sales of the Mektronic 
sales,  by 14% to DM 31 million.  In particular,  the new 
gearshift will continue to improve with the introduction 
products that were introduced in the second half of 
of whole groups (gears,  pedal shafts,  gearshifts and 
the year helped to improve the gross margin by 11 per
brakes) for road racing. 

centage points to 363%. 

AT A GLANCE

NET SALES,  BY REGION

1999

Net sales
Gross margin
Operating profit 
Change
year-overyear 
DM 86 m 
+11 PP

DM 1 m 
(%)

–16%

363%

NET SALES,  BY PRODUCTS

(in brackets: change year-over-year)

– 36%

Americas
183%
(–177%)

Europe
777%
(–175%)

Asia
40%
(425%)

Components 7

Ⅲ

Ⅲ

Ⅲ

Wheels 
44

Rims 
49

31

Management Discussion and Analysis 
32

The adidas-Salomon Share
Despite record earnings,  1999 proved to be a year of extremely unstable development for the adidas-Salomon share. 
In common with all sporting goods industry stocks,  adidasSalomon lacked the favors of the financial markets.  In the
course of the year it lost a fifth of its value.  Even the
announcement of a proposed dividend payment increase to
DM 180 per share did nothing to change this. 

Sporting goods industry stocks weak 
The adidas-Salomon share closed the year at Euro 75. 

Few competitors in the footwear and apparel industries 
This represents a decline of Euro 16 or 18% compared 
were able to achieve share price increases in 1999.  The 
to the end of 1998.  Share price development at the 
S&P Footwear Index,  which reports a composite of the 
beginning of 2000 continued this downward trend. 

Group's footwear competitors in the United States,  for example declined by more than 20% in the course of the 
Market capitalization at the end of the year stood at 
year.  Industry factors which hampered the share price 
Euro 34 billion (previous year: Euro 42 billion). 

performance were all related to North America.  They
included a strengthening US Dollar and disappointing 
Stock options program approved 
prospects for the North American market resulting from 
In 1999,  the Annual Shareholders' Meeting approved the 
shifts in demand and the declining retail environment 
introduction of a Stock Option Program for upper and 
there. 

middle management.  More than 400 employees at senior
and middle management level are entitled to participate 
Volatile adidas-Salomon
share price development 
in the program that has been built on the understanding 
The adidas-Salomon share had a tough 1999 that was 
holder value.  The program includes demanding exercise 
characterized by a series of ups and downs based on 
criteria so that management will only be able to profit 
good current financial results and a market perception 
from the options if the stock price has increased by 
that the outlook for the sporting goods industry may be 
more than the long-term average of the stock market. 

poor.  Investors ultimately adopted a generally negative 
For details see Note 29. 

of linking management decisions more closely to share
view of the share. 

SHARE PRICE VS.  INDUSTRY INDEX

KEY PER SHARE DATA

(Indexed,  January 8  100)

(in B,  except for number of shares)
150
140

1999
Year end price 
1998

7455

9330

130

High 
120

Low 
6835

7720

110

Dividend*

092

084

100

Net income**

502

452

90

Cash flow***

724

264

80

Number of shares
outstanding (m)

4535

4535

10300 16830

70
Jan.  1999

Ⅲ adidas-Salomon
Ⅲ S&P SC Footwear 
Dec.  1999

*** 1999: Dividend proposal
*** 1998: before special effect
*** Net cash provided from operating activities 
Management Discussion and Analysis 
33

Financial information
expanded on the internet 
Proposed dividend increase to DM 180

Financial information on the internet greatly increased 
creased dividend of DM 180 (Euro 092) per share to 
in 1999.  Investors and all other interested parties can 
the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May 11. 

find current share prices,  current annual and quarterly 
This represents a total payout of approximately DM 82

reports,  presentations and press releases as well as 
million.  In this way,  shareholders participate directly in 
other detailed financial information at <www, adidas, de/

the financial success achieved in 1999. 

The adidas-Salomon Executive Board will propose an in
investor relations>.  Via the internet,  conference calls on
the quarterly results are also open for everybody to listen 
The proposal represents a total payout ratio of 18%. 

in.  This ensures that all important information is avail
With this proposal,  the Executive Board remains within 
able to individual investors at the same time and to the 
the scope defined by adidas-Salomon's previously for
same extent as it is to professionals from the finance 
mulated policy to maintain a payout ratio of between 
community.  The internet offering will be further expanded 
15% and 20% of consolidated net income. 

in 2000 to include new services. 
Contrary to the previous year,  adidas-Salomon AG's tax
situation permits a full tax credit for German domestic
shareholders with unlimited tax liability. 

FINANCIAL CALENDAR 2000
March 2

1999 results
Analyst Conference/
Conference Call
Press Conference 
May 4

Q1 2000 results
Conference Call 
May 11

Annual General Meeting 
May 12

Payment of dividend 
August 7

Q2 2000 results
Analyst Conference/
Conference Call
Press Conference 
November 2

Q3 2000 results
Conference Call 
Management Discussion and Analysis 
34

Outlook
Sporting goods markets expected
to grow in Asia and Europebut sluggish in North America 
Salomon,  Taylor Made and Mavic expected
to show higher growth than adidas 
adidas-Salomon anticipates that development of the 
brand to achieve sales growth only in Asia and Europe –

world's sporting goods markets in 2000 will be mixed. 

showing a double-digit increase in Asia,  and low single
The highest growth rates are expected for Asia.  Follow
digit growth in Europe.  In North America,  sales in the 
ing a broad-based recovery from the economic and cur
first half of the year are expected to show a low double
rency crises,  it is expected that there will be a signifi
digit percentage decrease.  adidas-Salomon expects sales 
cant upturn in consumption in the private sector,  and 
in the second half to remain virtually unchanged com
thus also growth in demand for sporting goods. 

pared to the previous year. 

There is consensus among economic research institutes 
Overall product sales under the adidas brand name in 
that gross national product and consumption in the 
the year 2000 are expected to exceed the 1999 level 
private sector in Europe are likely to increase by 
only marginally. 

In this environment,  adidas-Salomon expects the adidas 
between 2% and 3%,  differing slightly from country to
country.  This will create positive conditions for moderate 
Stronger growth is anticipated for Salomon,  Taylor Made 
growth in Europe's sporting goods industry. 

and Mavic.  The focus of growth for the Salomon brand
will be in Europe and Asia.  Taylor Made is hoping to 
Prospects for the sporting goods industry are felt to 
achieve stronger increases in the USA,  the world's 
be less positive in North America,  although economic 
biggest golf market.  Mavic expects sales and growth 
growth and a further increase in consumption is also 
to continue to be driven predominantly by European 
forecast for this region.  However,  the industry is still 
markets. 

suffering from the excessive expansion of retail chainsout of line with market developments,  which did not
culminate in the first consolidations,  insolvencies and
store closures until the beginning of 2000. 

NET SALES GROWTH

adidas
Salomon
Taylor Made
Mavic 
è
é
é
é

35
to currency exchange rates carry a major element of 
adidas-Salomon expects that the gross margin will come 
uncertainty,  this factor cannot be determined beyond 
under pressure in 2000,  due to a significant strength
general terms. 

ening of the US Dollar.  It is difficult to predict the
extent to which this pressure can be compensated. 

While adidas-Salomon will continue in 2000 to pursue 
However,  it is expected that sourcing prices will remain 
the cost control measures initiated in 1999,  overall it 
stable,  a changed product mix will have a positive 
has to be anticipated that 2000 will close with a signifi
impact on the margin,  and the Salomon and Mavic 
cant deterioration of the operating profit compared to 
brands will be able to achieve margin improvements. 

the prior year. 

Growth and efficiency program
will affect operating profit 
Non-operating income expected
to stay practically unchanged 
The year 2000 will be marked by a repositioning of the 
From the current viewpoint,  neither a deterioration nor a 
Group and preparations for a new phase of growth in its 
significant improvement is to be expected in the non
global business.  The Group intends to 
operating components of the result.  An increase in roy
● reorganize management structures in order to create 
alties will be partly offset by growth in minority inter
clear and simple structures,  allowing more transparent 
ests.  A reduction of borrowings in itself leads to a lower 
responsibilities and faster decision-making
level of interest expense but may easily be impacted by 
● increase the flexibility,  speed and cost efficiency of
the global sourcing organization
interest rate increases in an environment of rising interest rates. 

● improve presence on the internet and accelerate development of e-commerce
Net income expected to be down 
● streamline the product range,  with the aim to reduce 
Net income is expected to be impacted by a deterio
complexity and revitalize the market with innovative 
ration of operating profit and a higher tax rate.  adidas
products
Salomon will experience a relative increase in the tax 
● expand significantly the sales and marketing activities 
burden,  as amortization of goodwill resulting from the 
of the Taylor Made and Salomon brands,  in order to 
Salomon acquisition,  which remains at a constant level 
create the conditions for increasing success in the 
each year,  is not tax-deductible.  This means that as the 
marketplace. 

operating profit falls,  the tax rate increases.  Furthermoreit is expected that income from some countries with low 
The related expenditures in an anticipated volume of 
tax rates will decrease,  and that income from some 
approximately DM 75 million will impact the operating 
countries with relatively high tax rates will increase. 

profit. 
adidas-Salomon expects that net income,  and thus earnAdverse impact might also be forthcoming from the US

ings per share,  in 2000 will be approximately 20%

Dollar.  A strengthening US Dollar impacts virtually all 
below the level of the year 1999. 

items in the income statement.  As forecasts relating 
EXPECTATIONS 2000

Net sales
Gross margin
Operating profit
Non-operating result
IBT
Tax rate
Net income 
ì
è
ê
è
ê
é
ê

Management Discussion and Analysis 
Margin pressure from strong US Dollar 
Management Discussion and Analysis 
36

Capital expenditure geared
to stronger growth 
Growing profits from 2001 onwards 
adidas-Salomon intends to use the year 2000 to repo
medium term.  However,  also in the medium-term per
sition the company,  increase efficiency and create the 
spective,  adidas-Salomon considers sales growth to be a 
necessary conditions for a new growth phase.  This in
much more reliable way of increasing profits.  For this 
tention has been the source for setting up the growth 
reason,  adidas-Salomon is deploying more resources 
and efficiency program.  This intention has also been the 
and employees in order to develop new products,  offer 
guiding principle for the investment plans.  All capital 
attractive designs and,  wherever possible,  introduce 
expenditure is to either improve the cost structure,  in
innovative technologies into the marketplace. 

Improved cost efficiency helps to boost profits in the 
crease the efficiency of doing business or increase sales. 
All these elements,  including the growth and efficiency
For 2000,  adidas-Salomon is planning to invest a 
program,  will put in place the conditions for the Group's 
total volume of just under DM 300 million.  Investment 
business to grow more strongly again.  On this basis,  it is 
activity will focus on 
expected that from 2001 onwards every single percent 
● setting up of own retail stores in the USA,  including 
of sales growth will be reflected in a higher percentage 
expansion of the chain of factory outlets● acquisition and renovation of new headquarters for
adidas and Salomon North America in PortlandOregon,  bringing together the activities which are currently spread over several leased locations● IT hardware and software to improve the efficiency of
the information flow,  and
● restructuring of the production facilities of the
Salomon and Mavic brands. 
adidas-Salomon expects net cash provided by operating
activities to be in excess of the investment volume again
in 2000.  The surplus amount is to be used for further
reduction of net borrowings. 

PROFITS
Expectations 
ê
2000

é
2001

improvement of the result.  For the years 2001 to 2003Management aims to achieve 15% annual growth in
earnings. 

37

Report of the Supervisory Board 
38

REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

In the course of the financial year the members of the Super
The Supervisory Board has examined the consolidated finan
visory Board were regularly and extensively informed about the 
cial statements,  the financial statements of adidas-Salomon 
development of the Company and about fundamental matters 
AG,  the management reports and the proposal submitted 
relating to corporate strategy and business transactions of 
by the Executive Board with respect to the appropriation of 
major importance by means of verbal and written reports from 
retained earnings and as no objections have been raised –

the Executive Board.  In five joint meetings with the Executive 
has approved the results of the audit. 

Board and in seven meetings of the General Committee of the
Supervisory Board,  the prospects of the adidas-Salomon Group 
The financial statements submitted by the Executive Board for 
as well as the current business development of the major 
the year ending December 31,  1999 have been approved by 
Group companies were dealt with in detail.  In addition to the 
the Supervisory Board.  The Supervisory Board has expressed its 
responsibilities prescribed by law and the Articles of Associa
agreement with the management report and especially with 
tion,  the Supervisory Board acted in an advisory role in essen
the outlook for the future development of the Company.  The 
tial individual matters. 

financial statements are thus approved. 

Examination of financial statements 
The proposal submitted by the Executive Board with respect 
As in the prior year,  consolidated financial statements were 
to the appropriation of retained earnings has been approved. 

prepared in compliance with International Accounting Standards
(IAS).  Under the provisions of § 292a of the German Commer
The auditors attended the annual financial statements meet
cial Code (HGB),  these financial statements exempt the Com
ing of the Supervisory Board on March 8,  1999 and the meet
pany from drawing up consolidated financial statements in 
ings on May 19,  August 2 and November 3 at which the 
accordance with the requirements of German Commercial Law. 

quarterly financial statements for 1999 were presented. 

The auditors,  KPMG Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft,  Aktiengesellschaft,  Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft,  Frankfurt/Main
Chronology of discussions and resolutions 
have audited the consolidated financial statements and Group 
At the Supervisory Board meeting on March 8,  1999,  the 
management report,  and also the financial statements and 
Supervisory Board discussed the business situation of the 
management report of adidas-Salomon AG,  and issued un
Company in the past and current financial year.  Additionally
qualified opinions thereon.  The financial statements,  the man
prior to and during this meeting,  one of the main points of 
agement reports as well as the reports of the auditors have 
discussion related to the stock option plan for the manage
been presented to the Supervisory Board. 

ment of adidas-Salomon AG as well as for the Managing
Directors/Senior Vice Presidents of its affiliated companies
domestically and abroad.  The discussions included determination of the volume,  the exercise criteria,  the group of beneficiaries and the exercise price.  Following completion of these
discussions,  a proposal was drawn up which was presented to
the Shareholders' Meeting in May for approval. 

Report of the Supervisory Board 
39

At its meeting on May 19,  1999,  the Supervisory Board 
On November 3,  1999,  the Supervisory Board convened for 
discussed and approved the results for the first quarter of 1999. 

its fifth meeting in the year under review.  At this meeting
Furthermore,  the Supervisory Board members discussed the 
Herbert Hainer was appointed as additional Deputy Chairman 
project 'Merger of Salomon Gesellschaft m, b. H.  into adidas
of the Executive Board.  The Supervisory Board members 
Salomon AG",  with a focus on cost savings and improvement 
reviewed in detail the Company's business situation at the end 
of the market share of the Salomon brand in Germany. 

of the third quarter of 1999 and again discussed the introduction of a new leisurewear brand,  also paying particular atten
As the Company and its domestic affiliates together had more 
tion to possible negative impact on the adidas brand that 
than 2000 employees,  the Supervisory Board was to be 
pronounced closeness to a leisure brand might entail. 

composed pursuant to the German Co-determination Act
(MitbestG).  Accordingly,  the Shareholders' Meeting on May 20

Committee activities 
elected six Supervisory Board members representing the 
In 1999,  the General Committee of the Supervisory Board 
shareholders.  Prior to the Meeting,  the employees had elected 
convened for seven meetings,  at which the members primarily 
six Supervisory Board members representing the employees. 

dealt with personnel matters relating to the Executive Boardand also prepared agenda items for the respective Supervisory 
At the constituent meeting of the now co-determined Super
Board meeting. 

visory Board on May 20,  1999,  the Chairman and his deputiesthe members of the General Committee and the Mediation 
It was not necessary for the Mediation Committee to meet in 
Committee were elected pursuant to § 27 Para.  3 MitbestG. 

1999. 

Additionally,  a Labor Director was appointed pursuant to § 33
MitbestG. 

Personnel changes on the Executive Board
Jan Valdmaa and Dean Hawkins resigned as members of 
At its meeting on August 2,  1999,  the Supervisory Board 
the Executive Board effective January 5 and 31,  2000
discussed and approved the financial statements for the first 
respectively,  tendering their resignation by way of letter 
half year of 1999.  At the same meeting,  the Supervisory Board 
addressed to the Supervisory Board. 

discussed the benefits and disadvantages of introducing a new
leisure brand,  paying particular attention to the question con
The Supervisory Board would like to thank Jan Valdmaa and 
cerning the opportunities such a brand would present in order 
Dean Hawkins for the energy and commitment they displayed 
to be able to participate in the growing leisurewear market. 

in their respective functions. 

The Supervisory Board also reviewed the current status of the
reconfiguration and refurbishing measures being carried out 
We very much appreciate the work of the Executive Board,  the 
at the 'World of Sports",  the new global headquarters in 
Management Boards of the Group companies,  the Works 
Herzogenaurach.  Additionally,  the Supervisory Board gained 
Council and all employees and thank them all for their 
insight into the positioning of the Salomon brand in the sport
commitment. 

ing goods market. 
Herzogenaurach,  March 2,  2000
The Supervisory Board
Henri Filho
(Chairman)

Supervisory Board and Executive Board 
40

SUPERVISORY BOARD AND EXECUTIVE BOARD

Executive Board 
Supervisory Board
Henri Filho
Hans-Dieter Hippmann
Robert Louis-Dreyfus
Paris,  France 
Scheinfeld,  Germany *)

Davos,  Switzerland 
(Chairman)

until March 31,  1999

(Chairman)

Dr.  Hans Friderichs
Herbert Müller
Christian Tourres
Mainz,  Germany 
Nuremberg,  Germany *)

Lungern,  Switzerland 
(Deputy Chairman)

since May 20,  1999

(Deputy Chairman)

Fritz Kammerer
Peter Nolan
Herbert Hainer
Fürth,  Germany *)

Los Angeles,  USA

Herzogenaurach,  Germany 
(Deputy Chairman 
until March 5,  1999

(Deputy Chairman since
November 3,  1999)

since May 20,  1999)
Serge OkunSabine Bauer
Lungern,  Switzerland 
Glenn Bennett
Erlangen,  Germany *)

until May 20,  1999

Portland,  USA

Dr.  Thomas Russell
Dean Hawkins
Sarasota,  USA

Richmond,  UK

since May 20,  1999
Ulrich Becker
until January 31,  2000

Puschendorf,  Germany *)
since May 20,  1999

Charles Thomas ScottLondon,  UK

Frankfurt/Main,  Germany 
Gerold BrandtGräfelfing,  Germany 
Heidi Thaler-VehUffenheim,  Germany *)

Michel PerraudinNuremberg,  Germany 
David BromilowBangkok,  Thailand 
Manfred Ihle
Klaus WeißBergkamen,  Germany *)

Peter Göbel
Erich Stamminger
since May 20,  1999

Nuremberg,  Germany 
Herzogenaurach,  Germany *)
Jan Valdmaa
from March 4,  1999
until May 20,  1999

*) Employee representatives 
Münchaurach,  Germany
until January 5,  2000

41

adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(INTERNATIONAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS)

Consolidated Financial Statements 
42

adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in DM 000)

December 31(Note)
Cash and cash equivalents 
1999

1998

(26)

135164

101388

Accounts receivable 
(4)

2020131

1567883

Inventories 
(5)

2044319

1905968

Other current assets 
(6)

393947

439334

4593561

Total current assets 
4014573

Property and equipment,  net 
(7)

555840

496304

Goodwill,  net 
(8)

1243114

1315100

Other intangible assets,  net 
(9)

143555

106755

Deferred tax assets 
(23)

262764

219793

Other non current assets 
(10)

217459

117278

Total non current assets 
2422732

2255230

Total assets 
7016293

6269803

346351

2855757

954056

731829

192085

187458

Short-term borrowings 
(11)

Accounts payable
Income taxes 
(23)

Accrued liabilities and provisions 
(12)

768154

687561

Other current liabilities 
(13)

188697

192841

2449343

4655446

Total current liabilities
Long-term borrowings 
(11)

2903237

484467

Pensions and similar obligations 
(14)

156988

107126

Deferred tax liabilities 
(23)

23262

5154

Other non current liabilities 
(15)

29533

36601

3113020

633348

Total non current liabilities
Minority interests 
(16)

124049

75052

Shareholders' equity 
(17)

1329881

905957

7016293

6269803

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

43
Consolidated Financial Statements 
adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS
(in DM 000)

Year ended December 31(Note)

1999

1998

(25)

10471414

9907118

Cost of sales 
5871173

5753198

Gross profit 
4600241

4153920

Selling,  general and administrative expenses 
3534682

3235652

(7,  9)

123734

103899

(20)

941825

814369

(8)

76301

77507

67845

87419

Net sales 
Depreciation and amortization (excl.  goodwill)
Operating profit
Goodwill amortization
Royalty and commission income
Financial expenses,  net 
(22)

164037

224278

Extraordinary income 
(29)

9499

23742

778831

623745

299171

205573

479660

418172

(34275)

(17318)

445385

400854

Income before taxes
Income taxes 
(23)

Net income before minority interests
Minority interests 
(16)

Net income before special effect
Acquired in-process research and development expensed 
(2)

(722600)

445385

Net income/(loss)



(321746)

Net income/(loss) per ordinary share (in DM)

(24)

982

(709)

Net income before special effect per ordinary share (in DM)

(24)

982

884

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Consolidated Financial Statements 
44

adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in DM 000)

Year ended December 311999

1998

778831

623745

Depreciation and amortization (incl.  goodwill)

233142

222220

Unrealized foreign exchange gains,  net 
(43000)

(6143)

Interest income 
(15108)

(12366)

Interest expense 
166115

177307

Operating activities:
Income before taxes and minority interests
Adjustments for:

Losses/(gains) on sales of property and equipment,  net
Operating profit before working capital changes
Increase in receivables and other current assets
Increase in inventories
Increase/(decrease) in accounts payable and other current liabilities
Cash provided by operations 
4607
1124587

(6159)
998604

(242076)

(202926)

(7197)

(83286)

230068
1105382

(78604)
633788

Interest paid 
(165787)

(169707)

Income taxes paid 
(297241)

(229604)

642354

234477

(60997)

(46212)

(198221)

(189785)

Net cash provided by operating activities
Investing activities:
Purchase of goodwill and other intangible assets
Purchase of property and equipment
Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 
35424

27977

Acquisition of Salomon net of cash acquired 


(1247692)

Acquisition of GEV KG and GmbH net of cash acquired 


(38737)

Increase in investments and other non current assets
Interest received
Net cash used in investing activities 
(51903)
15108
(260589)

(46613)
12366
(1528696)

Financing activities:
Increase in long-term borrowings,  net
Dividends of adidas-Salomon AG
Dividends to minority shareholders
Capital contributions by minority shareholders 
2418770

471268

(74826)

(74826)

(1078)

(10886)

7382

1697

(Decrease)/increase in short-term borrowings,  net 
(2703424)

945593

Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 
(353176)

1332846

Effect of exchange rates on cash
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
5187
33776

(813)
37814

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
101388

63574

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
135164

101388

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
(in DM 000)

Currency
Share 
translation 
Retained 
capital
Balance at January 1,  1998

Capital
surplus 
differences 
earnings 
Total 
226746

14781

39844

1120030

1401401

Net loss 
(321746)

(321746)

(74826)

(74826)

723458

905957

Net income 
445385

445385

Dividend payment 
(74826)

(74826)

Dividend payment
Currency translation
Balance at December 31,  1998

(98872)
226746

14781

Currency translation 
(59028)

(98872)

57908

57908

Cumulative effect of the adoption of IAS 19
(revised 1998)
Share capital increase from reserves
Balance at December 31,  1999

(4543)
314
227060

(314)
14781

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

(1120)

1089160

(4543)

1329881

Consolidated Financial Statements 
45

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
46

adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

adidas-Salomon AG,  a listed German stock corporation,  and its subsidiaries designdevelop,  produce and market a broad range of athletic and active lifestyle products
under the following brand names:
adidas branded products include footwear,  apparel and hardware,  such as bags and
balls.  The products are designed and developed by adidas and are almost exclusively
manufactured by subcontractors on behalf of adidas. 
SALOMON branded products include ski equipment (skis,  boots and bindings) which
are designed and manufactured in France and Italy.  In recent years the business was
expanded into summer activities such as hiking boots and in-line skates. 
TAYLOR MADE develops and assembles or manufactures high-quality golf clubs,  golf
balls and golf equipment. 
MAVIC products include rims and wheels for mountain bikes and road racing. 
Other trademarks are erima and BONFIRE,  under which apparel is marketed. 
The Company's headquarters are located in Herzogenaurach,  Federal Republic of
Germany. 

1.  General 
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of adidas-Salomon AG and its
subsidiaries (collectively the 'Company") are prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted by the International Accounting Standards Committee
('International Accounting Standards" 'IAS").  The Company applied all International
Accounting Standards and Interpretations of the Standing Interpretations Committee
'SIC" effective as at December 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively. 
New accounting standards:
Several new International Accounting Standards were issued and existing International
Accounting Standards were revised. 
As per January 1,  2000 the Company will adopt:
IAS 22 (revised 1998)

'Business Combinations"
IAS 36

'Impairment of Assets"
IAS 37

'Provisions,  Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets"
IAS 38

'Intangible Assets". 

47
financial position,  results of operations or cash flows and its reporting thereon. 
The International Accounting Standards Board issued recently IAS 39 'Financial
Instruments: Recognition and Measurement" which is mandatory for the financial year
beginning on January 1,  2001.  The Company is currently analyzing the impacts of this
standard and it is believed that it will not have a material impact on the Company's
results of operations. 
German statutory reporting:
Since December 31,  1998 the Company does not prepare consolidated financial statements under accounting principles generally accepted in Germany (German GAAP) pursuant to the exemption in § 292a of the German Commercial Code (HGB),  which was
introduced in 1998. 

2.  Summary of significant
accounting policies 
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with the consolidationaccounting and valuation principles described below. 
As compared to the previous year,  these principles have been applied consistently in all
material respects except that IAS 19 (revised 1998) 'Employee Benefits" has been
applied as at January 1,  1999.  The present value of the defined benefit obligation of
the pension plans sponsored by adidas-Salomon AG has been calculated using a
discount rate of 55%,  compared to 625% as at December 31,  1998 under IAS 19
(revised 1993),  which reflects the yield of high-quality corporate bonds in accordance
with the provisions of the revised standard.  The resulting increase of the provision for
pensions of DM 77 million,  less a deferred tax benefit of DM 32 million,  has been
offset against the opening balance of equity as at January 1,  1999 in accordance with
IAS 8.  Comparative information has not been restated. 
Certain items previously reported in specific financial statement captions have been
reclassified to conform to the 1999 presentation. 
Principles of consolidation:
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of adidas-Salomon AG and
its significant direct and indirect subsidiaries,  which are prepared under uniform
accounting principles and are audited by independent auditors. 
 company is a subsidiary if adidas-Salomon AG controls directly or indirectly the
financial and operating policies of the respective enterprise. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
It is believed that these standards will not have a material impact on the Company's 
48
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
The number of consolidated companies evolved as follows for the years ended December 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively:
1999
January 1

1998

98

70

Consolidation of the Salomon group 
–

20

Newly founded/consolidated companies 


10

–



Purchased companies
Divestments 
(1)

–

Merged companies 
(4)

(4)

December 31

96

98

Eleven subsidiaries have not been included in the consolidated financial statements in
1999 (1998: 8 subsidiaries),  since they have no or little active business and are
insignificant to the financial position.  The shares in these companies are accounted for
at the lower of cost or net realizable value. 
 schedule of the shareholdings of adidas-Salomon AG is shown in attachment II to
these notes. 
Consolidation of equity is made in compliance with the book value method by offsetting
the initial investments in subsidiaries against the relevant equity portion at fair value
held by the parent company as at acquisition date. 
All significant intercompany transactions and accounts are eliminated in consolidation. 
Currency translation:
Assets and liabilities of the Company's non-Deutsche-Mark functional currency subsidiaries are translated into Deutsche Mark at closing exchange rates at the balance sheet
date.  Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates for the year. 
All cumulative differences from the translation of equity of foreign subsidiaries resulting
from changes in exchange rates are included in a separate caption within shareholders'
equity without affecting income. 
 summary of exchange rates used to translate the financial statements of the
Company's subsidiaries to Deutsche Mark for major currencies in which the Company
operates is as follows:
Average rate for the year 
Spot rate 
ended December 31
at December 31
1999

1998

1999

1998

 USD

18359

17591

19469

16739

100 JPY

16151

13423

19039

14716

 GBP

29706

29155

31459

27753

 AUD

11845

11041

12682

10269

100 KRW

01547

01279

01721

01392

 CAD

12356

11856

13389

10813

100 ESP

11755

11780

11755

11738

100 FRF

298164

298273

298164

298033

10101

10132

10101

10100

1000 ITL

49
rates between the participating currencies and the EURO were irrevocably fixed.  One
EURO equals 195583 Deutsche Mark. 
In the individual financial statements of Group companies,  monetary items denominated in a foreign currency are generally measured at closing exchange rates at the
balance sheet date.  The resulting currency gains and losses are recorded directly in
income. 
Cash and cash equivalents:
Cash and cash equivalents represent cash and short-term,  highly liquid investments
with maturities of three months and less. 
Receivables:
Receivables are stated at nominal amounts less allowances for doubtful accounts. 
These allowances are determined on the basis of individual risk assessment and past
experience of losses. 
Inventories:
Merchandise and finished goods are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. 
Costs are determined using a standard valuation method which approximates the firstin,  first-out method or the average cost method.  Costs of finished goods include cost of
raw materials,  direct labor and manufacturing overheads.  The lower of cost or net
realizable value allowances are computed consistently throughout the Company based
on the age and expected future sales of the items on hand. 
Property and equipment:
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.  Depreciation
is computed on a declining balance or straight-line basis on useful lives as follows:
Years
Buildings 
10–50

Leasehold improvements 
5–20

Equipment,  machinery and furniture and fittings 
2–10

Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred.  Significant
renewals and improvements are capitalized. 
Impairment:
In the event that facts and circumstances indicate that the cost of long-lived assets
may be impaired,  an evaluation of recoverability would be performed.  An exceptional
write-down would be made if the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount. 
Finance leases:
If under a lease agreement substantially all risks and rewards associated with an asset
are transferred to the Company,  the asset and the corresponding liability is recognized
at the fair value of the asset or the lower net present value of the minimum lease payments. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Effective January 1,  1999 the European Monetary Union commenced and the exchange 
50
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets:
Acquired goodwill and intangible assets are valued at cost less accumulated amortization. 
Goodwill is the excess of the purchase cost over the fair value of the identifiable assets
and liabilities acquired.  Goodwill arising from the acquisition of a foreign entity and any
fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities of that foreign
entity are treated as assets of the reporting entity and are translated at exchange rates
prevailing at the date of the initial consolidation. 
Amortization is calculated on a straight-line basis with the following useful lives:
Years
Goodwill 
5–20

Patents,  trademarks and concessions 
5–10

Software 
3–5

Expenditures for internally generated intangible assets are expensed as incurred. 
Research and development:
Research costs are expensed as incurred.  Development costs are also expensed as
incurred and are not capitalized due to the short product life cycle of sporting goods. 
The Company spent approximately DM 151 million and DM 127 million on product
research and development for the years ended December 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively. 
The value of acquired in-process research and development,  i, e.  products and
processes which have not reached technological and commercial feasibility at the date
of the acquisition of the Salomon group,  was assessed by independent experts.  Since
there is no basic difference between costs from own research and development projects
and costs related to acquired research and development projects the total amount of
DM 723 million was charged directly to income in 1998. 
Liabilities and provisions:
Liabilities and provisions are carried at the expected settlement amount.  Provisions are
recognized,  if it is probable that a loss has been incurred. 
Pensions and similar obligations:
Provisions for pensions are determined using the 'projected unit credit method" in
accordance with IAS 19 (revised 1998). 

51
Revenues are recognized when title passes based on the terms of the sale.  Sales are
recorded net of returns,  discounts,  allowances and sales taxes. 
Advertising and promotional expenditures:
Production costs for media campaigns are shown under prepaid expenses until the
advertising takes place for the first time,  after which they are expensed in full.  Significant media buying costs (e.g.  broadcasting fees) are expensed over the original duration
of the campaign on a straight-line basis. 
Promotional expenses,  including one-time upfront payments for promotional contractsare generally expensed pro rata over the term of the agreement. 
Interest:
Interest is recognized as an expense as incurred. 
Income taxes:
Current income taxes are computed in accordance with the rules for taxation established in the countries in which the Company operates. 
The Company computes deferred taxes for all temporary differences between the carrying amount and the tax basis of its assets and liabilities and tax loss carryforwards. 
Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards which exceed taxable temporary differences are only recognized to the extent
that it is probable that the company concerned will generate sufficient taxable income
to realize the associated benefit. 
Derivative financial instruments:
Exchange gains and losses on outstanding forward currency contracts and currency
options,  which hedge anticipated future transactions,  are deferred and recognized in
income when the underlying transaction takes place.  Exchange gains and losses on
forward contracts and currency options which are discontinued or no longer serve as a
hedge for an anticipated future transaction are charged to income as incurred. 
Interest rate cap premiums are amortized over the useful life of the caps.  Amortized
cap premiums are included in interest expenses,  as part of the financial result. 
Use of estimates:
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IAS requires management to
make assumptions and estimates that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. 
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Recognition of revenues:

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
52

3.  Acquisitions/
Founding
of subsidiaries 
Effective December 22,  1997 the Company acquired 100% of the former Salomon
family holding company,  Sport Développement S. C. A.,  Metz-Tessy (France) (now adidas
Salomon France S. A. ) which owned 3887% of the shares and 5612% of the voting
rights of Salomon S. A.,  Annecy (France).  The remaining outstanding shares of Salomon
S. A.  were acquired during the first quarter of 1998 by adidas Salomon France S. A. 
The Salomon group was consolidated for the first time as at January 1,  1998.  The
aggregate acquisition cost for the Salomon group was DM 2365 million.  The resulting
goodwill of DM 1137 million is amortized over an estimated useful life of 20 years. 
Effective April 1,  1998 the Company acquired a 90% interest in GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft mbH & Co.  KG,  Herzogenaurach,  a property investment company,  which
owns the property of the new headquarters of the Company in Herzogenaurach. 
adidas Japan K. K.,  Tokyo,  a wholly owned subsidiary,  was founded on February 191998.  In the first quarter of 1999 this company took over the distribution of adidas
branded products from the former independent distributor and licensee. 
adidas International Trading B. V.,  Amsterdam (Netherlands),  a wholly owned subsidiary,  was founded on September 7,  1998.  This company became operative effective
January 1,  1999 and will assume full responsibility for European inventory management
and global sourcing activities through its subsidiary adidas Salomon International
Sourcing Ltd.  (formerly adidas Asia/Pacific Ltd. ),  Hong Kong.  In 1999 this company
assumed responsibility for the inventory of the adidas brand in the United Kingdom. 
The transfer of inventories from subsidiaries in other European countries will follow in
the course of 2000. 
adidas Turkey,  Istanbul,  a joint venture with the former distributor and licensee in
Turkey,  was founded on November 3,  1998.  On January 1,  1999,  this joint venture
started its operations. 
adidas Suomi OY,  Helsinki (Finland),  a joint venture with the former distributor and
licensee,  was founded on July 27,  1999.  Beginning January 1,  2000,  this joint venture
will start its operations. 

4.  Accounts receivable 
Accounts receivable are as follows:
December 31(in DM 000)
Accounts receivable,  gross
Less: allowance for doubtful accounts
Accounts receivable,  net 
1999

1998

2192814

1709617

172683

141734

2020131

1567883

5.  Inventories 
Inventories by major classification are as follows:
December 31(in DM 000)

1999

1998

1601168

1471973

613832

587100

Raw materials 
66870

63244

Work in progress 
11014

10730

2292884

2133047

248565

227079

2044319

1905968

Finished goods and merchandise on hand
Goods in transit and advanced payments 
Inventories,  gross
Less: allowance for obsolescence
Inventories,  net 
The allowance for obsolescence mainly relates to inventories on hand.  Goods in transit
relate mainly to shipments from suppliers in the Far East to subsidiaries in Europe and
the Americas. 

6.  Other current assets 
Other current assets consist of the following:
December 31(in DM 000)

1999

1998

Prepaid expenses current portion 
147805

207957

Taxes receivable 
111960

123450

Premiums for derivative financial
instruments current portion
Security deposits
Receivables from affiliated companies
Sundry
Other current assets,  gross
Less: allowances
Other current assets,  net 
40843

39636

21641

16682

9119

1933

69511

54569

400879

444227

6932

4893

393947

439334

Prepaid expenses relate mainly to promotion agreements. 

7.  Property and equipment 
Property and equipment consist of the following:
December 31(in DM 000)

1999

1998

Land,  land rights and buildings 
368026

346912

Technical equipment and machinery 
209096

163878

Other equipment,  furniture and fittings 
446055

362038

1023177

Advanced payments and construction in progress,  net
Property and equipment,  net 
872828

515304

408977

507873

Less: accumulated depreciation 
463851

47967

32453

555840

496304

Depreciation expense is DM 128 million and DM 111 million for the years ended
December 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
53

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
54

8.  Goodwill 
Goodwill primarily relates to the Company's acquisitions of the Salomon group and
subsidiaries in the United States,  Australia/New Zealand and Netherlands/Belgium. 
December 31(in DM 000)

1999

1998

Goodwill 
1448134

1443667

Thereof relating to the acquisition of the Salomon group
Less: accumulated amortization
Goodwill,  net 
1137092
205020
1243114

1136002
128567
1315100

Goodwill amortization expense is DM 76 million and DM 78 million for the years ended
December 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively; thereof DM 57 million in each year is
related to the acquisition of the Salomon group. 

9.  Other intangible assets 
Other intangible assets consist of the following:
December 31(in DM 000)
Software,  patents,  trademarks and concessions,  gross
Less: accumulated amortization 
1999

1998

211900

156451

Other intangible assets,  net 
54177

126083
Advanced payments,  net 
85817

102274

17472

4481

143555

106755

Intangible asset amortization expense is DM 29 million and DM 23 million for the years
ended December 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively. 

10.  Other non current assets 
Other non current assets consist of the following:
December 31(in DM 000)
Prepaid expenses non current portion
Financial assets,  net 
1999

1998

170041

98977

23914

5541

Premiums for derivative financial
instruments non current portion
Cash deposits
Sundry
Other non current assets 
10672

–

2452

2974

10380

9786

217459

117278

Prepaid expenses mainly include prepayments for long-term promotional contracts and
service contracts (see note 27 and 18,  respectively). 
Financial assets include shares in unconsolidated affiliated companies of DM 69
million and DM 31 million as at December 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively.  Further
financial assets include investments which are related to a deferred compensation plan
(see note 14). 
Cash deposits with maturities exceeding 12 months relate to adidas Korea. 

11.  Borrowings
and credit lines 
Short-term borrowings consist of bank borrowings,  discounted trade bills and Commercial Paper. 
The Commercial Paper was issued under a EURO 300 million Belgian Treasury Notes
Program.  As at December 31,  1999,  Commercial Paper is outstanding in the total
amount of DM 131 million. 
Principal borrowings as at December 31,  1999,  are in EURO (474%) and USD
(387%). 
Month-end weighted average interest rates on borrowings in all currencies range from
38% to 49% and from 45% to 52% for the years ended December 31,  1999 and
1998,  respectively. 
As at December 31,  1999 the Company has credit lines in a total amount of DM 70
billion outstanding (1998: DM 70 billion); unused credit lines amount to approximately
DM 39 billion (1998: DM 37 billion).  In addition,  the Company has separate lines for
the issuance of letters of credit in an amount of approximately DM 13 billion (1998:
DM 12 billion). 
Short-term borrowings,  even if they were backed by committed medium-term credit
lines of adidas-Salomon AG,  had been reported as short-term borrowings in 1998. 
Since 1999,  all short-term borrowings which are backed by committed medium-term
credit lines of the Company are included in long-term borrowings.  The committed
medium-term lines contain a negative-pledge clause and a minimum equity covenant. 
As at December 31,  1999,  actual shareholders' equity is well above the amount of the
minimum-equity covenant. 
The amounts disclosed as long-term borrowings represent outstanding borrowings under
the following arrangements:
December 31(in DM million)

1999

1998

Maturity 
2455

–

Long-term loan agreement of adidas-Salomon AG

100

–

Committed medium-term lines of Salomon S. A. 

164

328

Nov.  2001 to 
Private placement of adidas Salomon France S. A. 

180

156

Nov.  2003 to 


–

2903

484

Committed medium-term lines
of adidas-Salomon AG

Nov.  2001 to
Nov.  2003
March 2001 to
Sep.  2008
March 2002
Nov.  2004

Other 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
55

56
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
The above agreements have aggregated expiration dates as follows:
December 31(in DM million)

1999

1998

Between 1 and 2 years 
180

–

Between 2 and 3 years 
785

74

Between 3 and 4 years 
1710

253

Between 4 and 5 years 
178

15

After 5 years 
50

142

2903

484

Refer to note 19 for the protection against interest rate risks. 

12.  Accrued liabilities
and provisions 
Accrued liabilities and provisions consist of the following:
December 31(in DM 000)

1999

1998

Goods and services not yet invoiced 
177032

111605

Marketing 
132817

96943

Payroll,  commissions and employee benefits 
105916

97966

Returns,  allowances,  warranty 
87057

66950

Restructuring 
81960

167324

Taxes,  other than income taxes 
8049

4723

Other 
175323

142050

Accrued liabilities and provisions 
768154

687561

Provisions for marketing mainly consist of provisions for distribution,  such as discountsrebates and sales commissions,  and promotion. 
Restructuring provisions relate mainly to a restructuring plan in connection with the
acquisition of the Salomon group,  which focuses on the integration of the Salomon
group into the adidas structure.  The plan includes further key integration activities and
will be substantially completed by the end of the year 2000. 
Other accrued liabilities and provisions mainly include items not otherwise allocated
and also anticipated losses from purchase and other transactions and contingent losses
from pending lawsuits. 

13.  Other current liabilities 
Other current liabilities consist of the following:
December 31(in DM 000)

1999

1998

Liabilities due to personnel 
43331

30243

Tax liabilities other than income taxes 
41601

38690

Liabilities due to social security 
14108

16191

Interest liabilities 
10148

9820

Liabilities due to affiliated companies 
3437

3031

Deferred income 
2335

2587

Sundry
Other current liabilities 
14.  Pensions and
similar obligations 
73737

92279

188697

192841

The Company sponsors and/or contributes to various pension plans.  The benefits are
provided pursuant to the legal,  fiscal and economic conditions in each respective country. 
The provision for pensions and similar obligations consists of the following:
December 31(in DM 000)

1999

1998

Defined benefit plans 
134192

102605

Thereof: adidas-Salomon AG
Similar obligations
Pensions and similar obligations 
106125
22796
156988

81075
4521
107126

The actuarial valuations of defined benefit plans are made at the end of each reporting
period.  Similar obligations include mainly long-term liabilities under a deferred compensation plan.  The funds withheld are invested by the Company on behalf of the
employees in certain securities,  which are presented under other non current assets
(see note 10). 
The expenses recognized for defined benefit and defined contribution plans are
presented in selling,  general and administrative expenses.  Pension expenses are as
follows:
Year ended December 31(in DM 000)

1999

1998

Defined benefit plans 
31604

13940

Thereof: adidas-Salomon AG
Defined contribution plans
Pension expenses 
19810
17702
49306

11800
12292
26232

In 1998 an additional voluntary retirement plan of Salomon S. A.  was revised retrospectively with effect from January 1,  1998; as a result of this curtailment DM 19 million
of the provision was released in the prior year. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
57

58
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Defined benefit plans:
The retirement plans of adidas-Salomon AG cover substantially all employees.  They are
financed internally through provisions,  except one plan of adidas-Salomon AG,  which is
financed,  subject to funding limitations in the German tax law,  through a legally
independent pension fund 'Unterstützungseinrichtung der Firma adidas-Salomon AG
e. V. ".  adidas-Salomon AG provides for the excess of the obligation arising from this
plan over the amounts contributed to the fund pursuant to IAS 19 (revised 1998). 
Further adidas-Salomon AG has borrowed approximately DM 22 million and DM 21
million from this fund as at December 31,  1999 and 1998,  which are included in the
provision for pensions. 
Additionally the Company sponsors various other defined benefit plans outside
Germany,  which are not significant.  The disclosures below relate hence solely to the
defined benefit plans of adidas-Salomon AG. 
The provision for pensions of adidas-Salomon AG evolved as follows:
(in DM 000)

1999

Provision for pensions as at January 1

81075

Cumulative adjustment due to the adoption of IAS 19 (revised 1998)

7713

Restated provision for pensions as at January 1

88788

Pension expense 
19810

Pensions paid 
(2473)

Provision for pensions as at December 31

106125

Actuarial assumptions for the defined benefit plans of adidas-Salomon AG are as
follows:
December 311999
Discount rate 
January 11999

60%

55%

Salary increases 
17%–30%

17%–30%

Pension increases 
17%–20%

17%–20%

Actuarial assumptions for employee turnover and mortality are based on empirical datathe latter on the 1998 version of the mortality tables of Dr.  Heubeck as in the prior
year. 
The pension obligation of adidas-Salomon AG could be analyzed as follows:
December 31(in DM 000)
Present value of the defined benefit obligation
Unrecognized actuarial gain
Provision for pensions 
January 1
1999

1999

98346

88788

7779

–

106125

88788

59
recognize the actuarial gain pursuant to IAS 19 para.  92 (revised 1998). 
Pension expense attributable to the defined benefit plans of adidas-Salomon AG
comprises:
Year ended
(in DM 000)

December 31,  1999

Current service cost 
7855

Interest cost 
4870

Past service cost 
8086

Release of provision 
(1001)

Pension expense 
19810

Past service cost relates to plan amendments in 1999. 

15.  Other non current
liabilities 
Other non current liabilities include mainly obligations under finance leases (see
note 18).  Liabilities falling due after more than 5 years total DM 10 million and DM 21
million as at December 31,  1999 and 1998 respectively. 

16.  Minority interests 
Minority interests are attributable to 11 subsidiaries as at December 31,  1999 and
1998,  respectively (see attachment II to these notes). 
These subsidiaries had been mainly set up together with former independent distributors and licensees for the adidas brand.  Salomon-Taylor Made Japan K. K.,  Tokyo is a
public company,  which is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange since 1995. 
Minority interests evolved as follows in the years ended December 31,  1999 and 1998respectively:
(in DM 000)
Minority interests as at January 1
Translation differences
Changes in companies consolidated
Capital injections
Acquisition of minority interests 
1999

1998

75052

45027

8131

1584

–

21219

7424

1298

245

Share in net profit 
34275

Dividends 
(1078)

Minority interests as at December 31

124049

(508)
17318
(10886)
75052

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
On the basis of the actuarial valuation as at December 31,  1999 it is not necessary to 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
60

17.  Shareholders' equity 
By resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting held on May 20,  1999,  the shareholders
of adidas-Salomon AG approved the conversion of the stock capital into no-parvalue shares and into EURO.  Additionally,  in order to achieve even EURO amounts per
share,  the stock capital of adidas-Salomon AG was increased by EURO 16056311
(DM 31403415) out of reserves. 
Thus,  the stock capital now amounts to EURO 11609395200 (DM 22706003414)
and is divided into 45349200 no-par-value shares.  The theoretical value of each
share thus sums up to EURO 256. 
The corresponding changes to the Articles of Association were entered into the Commercial Register on August 27,  1999. 
Authorized capital:
Pursuant to the current Articles of Association of adidas-Salomon AG,  the Executive
Board shall be entitled,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to increase the stock
capital until September 1,  2000:
– by issuing new shares against contributions in cash once or several times by EURO
4279513046 (DM 8370000000) in total.  The Executive Board,  however,  may exclude fractional shares from preemptive rights of shareholders (authorized capital I); and
– by issuing new shares against contributions in cash once or several times by EURO
1155519652 (DM 2260000000) in total and,  subject to Supervisory Board
approval,  to exclude the preemptive rights of the shareholders,  provided that the
new shares are issued at a value not essentially below actual stock exchange value
(authorized capital II); and
– by issuing new shares against contributions in cash or in kind once or several times
by EURO 357904317 (DM 700000000) in total,  for the purpose of granting
shares or stock options to employees or Executive Board members as well as persons
of the aforementioned kind who are employed by subsidiaries of adidas-Salomon AG. 
Preemptive rights of shareholders shall be excluded (authorized capital III). 
By resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting on May 28,  1997 the shareholders approved
the amendment of the authorized capital III as follows:
'The Executive Board shall be entitled for the duration of two years effective from
the entry of the new § 4 para.  4 of the Articles of Association with the Commercial
Register,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to increase the stock capital by
issuing new shares against contributions in cash or in kind once or several times by
no more than DM 7000000 altogether.  The Executive Board may,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  exclude the preemptive rights of the shareholders. "
By resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting on May 20,  1999,  the shareholders decided
to convert the above DM 7000000 into EURO 357904317. 
However,  these two resolutions have not yet been registered with the Commercial
Register due to a pending action for rescission. 

61
Furthermore,  by resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting of May 20,  1999,  the shareholders approved the creation of contingent capital in the amount of EURO 3500000
(DM 684540500) for the issuance of up to 1367187 stock options to members of
the Executive Board,  as well as to Managing Directors/Senior Vice Presidents of its
affiliated companies as well as to further senior executives and executives of adidasSalomon AG and of its affiliated companies (see note 29). 
The corresponding change of the Articles of Association was entered into the Commercial Register on August 27,  1999. 
Distributable profits and dividends:
Distributable profits to shareholders are determined by reference to the retained
earnings of adidas-Salomon AG calculated under German Commercial Law. 
The dividend for 1998 was DM 165 per share.  The Executive Board of adidas-Salomon
AG recommends a dividend of DM 180 for 1999,  subject to approval of shareholders. 
The tax credit for domestic shareholders will be DM 077 per share for 1999,  which
results in a gross dividend of DM 257 per share (see note 23). 
It is proposed accordingly that retained earnings of adidas-Salomon AG as at December
31,  1999 be appropriated as follows:
(in DM 000)

1999

Retained earnings of adidas-Salomon AG as at December 31

82250

Less: dividend of DM 180 per ordinary share 
81629

Retained earnings carried forward 
18.  Leasing and
service arrangements 
621

Operating 
leases:

The Company leases offices,  warehouses and equipment under leases expiring between
one and eight years.  Rent expenses aggregated DM 151 million and DM 125 million for
the years ended December 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively. 
Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:
December 31(in DM million)

1999

1998

Within 1 year 
114

82

Between 1 and 5 years 
173

132

After 5 years 
53

36

340

250

Finance leases:
Additionally,  the Company leases several premises for administration,  warehousingresearch and development as well as production,  which are classified as finance leases. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Contingent capital:

62
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
The net carrying amount of these assets of DM 31 million and DM 35 million is
included in land and buildings as at December 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively.  Interest expense is DM 2 million and depreciation expense is DM 4 million for the year
ended December 31,  1999. 
The minimum lease payments under these contracts over their remaining terms up to
2008 and their net present value are as follows:
December 31(in DM 000)

1999

1998

Lease payments falling due:
4400

4717

Between 1 and 5 years 
Within 1 year 
13633

15012

After 5 years 
11468

14523

29501

34252

Total lease payments
Less: estimated amount representing interest
Obligation under finance leases 
Thereof: current
non current 
8400

10375

21101

23877

2680
18421

2748
21129

The non current portion of the obligation under finance leases includes amounts with
terms of more than 5 years of DM 10 million and DM 12 million as at December 311999 and 1998,  respectively. 
Service arrangements:
The Company out-sourced certain logistic and information technology functions,  for
which it has entered into long-term contracts.  Financial commitments under these
contracts mature as follows:
December 31(in DM million)
Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years 
1999

1998

60

24

172

68

19.  Financial instruments 
–

–

232

92

The Company uses derivative financial instruments to reduce exposure to market risks
resulting from fluctuation in currency exchange and interest rates. 
Management of foreign exchange risk:
Currency management policies of the Group are established by a Treasury Committeewhich is composed of members of the Company's senior management.  Currency risk is
generally managed from the Company's headquarters at Herzogenaurach,  Germany. 

63
cash flows caused by the high share of product sourcing from suppliers in the Far Eastwhich invoice in USD,  and the majority of sales being invoiced in European currencies. 
It is the Company's policy to hedge identified currency risks arising from future
operations when it becomes exposed.  In addition the Company hedges balance sheet
risk selectively. 
For the management of its currency risks the Company uses currency options and
forward contracts,  the latter primarily for the shorter maturities. 
In its hedging via options the Company purchased only standard USD call options in
1999.  The Company's Treasury Committee has established rules for the resetting of
option strike rates on a discretionary basis.  In times of a falling USD,  the policy
authorizes Group Treasury to reset options to lower strike levels,  if the strike improvements and the additional premium payments meet certain criteria.  During the year
1999 the JPY strengthened significantly against the USD.  The Company reset part of
its USD call/JPY put options to sharply improved strike rates. 
In 1999,  the financial result includes DM 41 million of premium payments for discontinued currency options,  of which the majority relates to the resets of JPY options. 
In 1998 the Company had used USD call options which had been combined with a
knock-out feature and the sale of USD put options to limit premium payments.  Due to
the sharp decline of the USD primarily in the third and fourth quarter of 1998,  USD
call options had been knocked out and USD put options had been reset or repurchased. 
The premiums incurred on the discontinued options in the amount of DM 617 million
had been charged to the financial result and the hedges had been re-established at
significantly lower strike rates.  The corresponding benefit has been realized in 1999,  as
the Company has purchased the USD at an average rate of 171 versus the DM,  which was
significantly below the average rate for the year of DM 184 in the exchange markets. 
In 1999,  the Company incurred currency option premiums in a total amount of
DM 468 million (1998: DM 892 million).  The total amount of option premiumswhich was charged to income in 1999,  was DM 370 million (1998: DM 897 million). 
Option premiums in an amount of DM 354 million and DM 253 million were deferred
as at December 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively. 
Out of the whole amount of USD 10 billion (1998: USD 08 billion) of currency hedges
outstanding on December 31,  1999,  USD 09 billion (1998: USD 08 billion) was for
USD purchases.  Of the total amount USD 08 billion (1998: USD 06 billion) were
hedges with currency options.  Outstanding hedges as at December 31,  1999 were
higher than at the end of 1998,  as the Company had shifted from its hedging by selling
seasons to a program for the continuous hedging of anticipated future operating cash
flows with a hedging horizon of typically up to 12 months. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
The Company is subject to currency exposure,  primarily due to an imbalance of its global 
64
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
The notional amounts of the above instruments could be summarized as follows:
December 31(in USD million)

1999

1998

Currency options 
8320

6220

Forward contracts 
1958

1421

10278

7641

The total amount of USD purchases against other currencies was USD 10 billion and
USD 13 billion in the years ended December 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively. 
The fair value and book value of the above instruments is as follows:
December 31(in DM million)

1999

1998

444

258

Fair value
Currency options
Forward contracts 
35

(102)

479

156

Currency options 
354

253

Forward contracts 
(04)

(19)

350

234

129

(78)

Book value 
Unrecognized gain/(loss)

The book value of the currency options represents capitalized premiums paid. 
Management of interest rate risks:
The Company is taking advantage of lower short-term interest rates,  compared to the
available longer-term rates of most leading currencies,  but it has limited its exposure
with regard to possible future interest rate increases with interest rate cap spreads for a
basket of currencies in a structure which approximates the anticipated currency composition of its world-wide borrowings in the longer-term.  These contracts protect the
Company's borrowings in a notional amount of DM 29 billion (1998: DM 20 billion)
against a rise of the weighted average interest rate above 56% (1998: 55%).  Out of
this amount,  the protection ends for DM 20 billion (1998: DM 14 billion) at a weighted
average rate of 84% (1998: 84%). 
Supplementary information on interest rate caps is as follows:
December 31(in DM million)
Notional amount 
1999

1998

28855

20000

Fair value 
236

16

Book value 
161

144

Unrecognized gain/(loss)

75

(128)

65
55 years),  with a weighted average of 30 years (1998: 32 years).  The interest rate
caps expire as detailed below:
December 31(in DM million)

1999

1998

Within 1 year 
6000

–

Between 1 and 2 years 
5500

6000

Between 2 and 3 years 
4500

5500

Between 3 and 4 years 
4813

4500

Between 4 and 5 years 
3502

3000

Between 5 and 6 years 
3010

1000

Between 6 and 7 years 
1530

–

28855

20000

Fair value of financial instruments:
The carrying amount of cash,  cash equivalents and borrowings approximates fair value
due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.  The fair value of forward exchange
contracts and currency options was determined on the basis of the market conditions
on the reporting dates.  The fair value of the interest rate caps on the reporting date was
assessed by the financial institutions through which these caps had been arranged. 
Credit risk:
The Company arranges its currency and interest rate hedges,  and it invests its cashwith major banks of a high credit standing throughout the world,  and in high-quality
money-market instruments. 

20.  Operating expenses 
Operating expenses consist of expenses for selling,  general and administrative purposes
as well as depreciation and amortization.  Compared with prior years expense for goodwill amortization is shown separately after operating profit in order to improve transparency.  Prior year comparatives have been reclassified accordingly. 

21.  Cost by nature 
Expenses are presented by function in the income statement.  Supplementary information
on the expenses by nature is detailed below. 
Cost of materials:
The total costs of materials are DM 5717 million and DM 5637 million for the years
ending December 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
As at December 31,  1999,  the remaining life of these caps is up to 69 years (1998:

66
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Personnel expenses:
Personnel expenses are as follows:
Year ended December 31(in DM million)

1999

1998

Wages and salaries 
941

866

Social security contributions 
144

112

Pension expense
Personnel expenses 
22.  Financial result 
49

26

1134

1004

Financial result consists of the following:
Year ended December 31(in DM 000)
Interest income 
1999
14246

1998
12321

Interest expense 
(166115)

(177307)

Interest expense,  net 
(151869)

(164986)

Income from investments
Write-down of investments 
862
–

45
(11546)

Option premiums regarding discontinued
currency options
Other net,  primarily net exchange (losses)/gains
Financial result 
(4100)
(8930)
(164037)

(61741)
13950
(224278)

Please refer also to note 19. 

23.  Income taxes 
In general adidas-Salomon AG and its German subsidiaries are subject to a municipal
trade tax of approximately 15% of taxable income,  which is deductible in the determination of income for corporation tax purposes.  The corporate tax rate for undistributed
earnings is 40% (1998: 45%) plus a surcharge of 55% thereon.  Upon distribution of
domestic earnings,  10 percentage points and 15 percentage points in respect of
earnings taxed at 40% and 45%,  respectively of corporation tax and the attributable
surcharge thereon are refunded to the Company.  Shareholders who are subject to German
income tax are further entitled to a tax credit of the remaining 30 percentage points of
corporate income tax and the attributable surcharge paid by adidas-Salomon AG. 
The Company uses the reduced rate for corporation tax on distributed earnings for the
measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities related to its German operations.  The
Company recognizes a deferred tax asset for corporate income tax refund receivable
upon distribution of dividends pursuant to recommendations of German professional
bodies on the application of IAS 12 (revised 1996). 

67

December 31(in DM 000)

1999

1998

Deferred tax assets
Non current assets 
28438

26102

Current assets 
176869

131210

Accrued liabilities and provisions 
140999

154755

Future benefit from dividend distributions 
Valuation allowances 
11800

–

139929

132011

498035

Accumulated tax loss carryforwards 
444078

(170730)

(168812)

Deferred tax liabilities
Non current assets 
29881

45419

Current assets 
11221

12649

Untaxed reserves 
33847

1529

Accrued liabilities and provisions 
12854

1030

87803

60627

239502

214639

Deferred tax assets,  net 
Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that the realization of the related
benefit is probable.  Based on the past performance and the prospects of the business
for the foreseeable future,  a valuation allowance is established where this criterion is
not met. 
Valuation allowances refer to deferred tax assets of companies which are operating in
the start-up phase or certain emerging markets,  since the realization of the related tax
benefits is not probable.  Further adidas Salomon North America Inc.  (formerly adidas
North America Inc. ) has tax loss carryforwards,  which can be utilized in limited annual
amounts within 7 years,  for which a valuation allowance is established for amounts in
excess of income projections. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if they relate to the same fiscal authority. 
Hence they are presented on the balance sheet as follows:
December 31(in DM 000)
Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets,  net 
1999

1998

262764

219793

23262

5154

239502

214639

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Deferred taxes of the Company are attributable to the items detailed in the table below:

68
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Tax expense is split as follows:
Year ended December 31(in DM 000)

1999

1998

Current tax expense 
311044

280188

Deferred tax income 
(11873)

(74615)

Income tax expense 
299171

205573

Deferred tax income in 1998 is primarily attributable to previously unrecognized
deferred tax assets arising from deductible differences of adidas America,  which had
not been recognized due to the history of losses,  and an increase in deductible temporary differences across the companies of the group. 
The reconciliation of the effective tax rate of the adidas-Salomon Group to the German
corporate tax rate of 40% (1998: 45%) is as follows:
Year ended December 311999

1998

in DM

in DM

million 
in %

Expected income tax expense 
312

400

Tax rate differential 
(76)

(97)

Non deductible goodwill amortization 
30

39

33

Other non deductible expenses 
29

37

27

43

–

–

(36)

(57)

Release of tax provisions 
million 
in %

281

450

(112)

(179)
54

Losses for which benefits were
not recognizable and change
in valuation allowance 
Withholding tax expense
Income tax expense 
(4)

(05)



05



05



04

295

Other,  net 
379

200

320



05



10

299

384

206

330

The release of tax provisions in 1998 is due to finalized foreign tax assessments for
fiscal years prior to 1998. 
The Company does not recognize deferred tax liabilities for unremitted earnings
of non-German subsidiaries,  which are expected to be permanently invested in international operations.  The earnings could become subject to additional tax if they were
remitted as dividends,  or if foreign earnings were loaned to the Company,  or if the Company should sell its shareholdings in the subsidiaries. 
The Company estimates that the distribution of these earnings would result in DM 28
million and DM 20 million of additional withholding taxes as at December 31,  1999
and 1998,  respectively. 

24.  Earnings per share 
Basic earnings per share are computed as follows:
Year ended December 311999

1998

Net income before special effect in DM

445385000

400854000

Net income/(loss) in DM

445385000

(321746000)

Weighted number of ordinary shares outstanding 
45349200

45349200

Basic earnings per share before special effect 
982

884

Basic earnings per share 
982

(709)

Potential dilutive shares may arise under the stock option plan of adidas-Salomon AGwhich was implemented in 1999.  The calculation of diluted earnings per share is not
applicable as at December 31,  1999 as none of the required performance criteria for
the exercise of the stock options is fulfilled at the balance sheet date (see note 29). 

25.  Segmental information 
The Company operates predominately in one industry segment,  the design,  wholesale
and marketing of athletic and lifestyle products.  The Company is currently managed by
brands and on the basis of a regional structure. 
Certain functions of the Company are centralized and an allocation to specific
segments is not considered to be meaningful.  Assets,  liabilities,  income and expenses
relating to these corporate functions are presented in the Headquarter/Consolidation
column together with non-allocable items and the inter-segment elimination. 
Information about the Company's segments in accordance with the management
approach is presented below. 
Segmental information by brand
adidas
(in DM million)

1999

SALOMON
1998

1999

TAYLOR MADE

1998

1999

1998

Net sales third parties 
8733

8441

1062

850

571

514

Gross margin 
3844

3556

424

332

288

230

440
839

421
806

396
61

390
10

501
68

447
39

Assets 
3919

3383

996

1117

275

193

Liabilities 
1582

1228

311

272

88

53

206

198

29

35

19

31

95

74



13





in % of net sales
Operating profit 
Capital expenditure
Amortization and depreciation
excl.  goodwill amortization 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
69

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
70
adidas-Salomon
MAVIC
(in DM million)

HQ/Consolidation 
1998

Net sales third parties 
86

102

19

– 10471

9907

Gross margin 
31

36

13

–

4600

4154

363


352


439
942

419
814

Assets 
47

53

1779

1524

7016

6270

Liabilities 
26

27

3555

3709

5562

5289





–

–

259

268





12

12

124

104

in % of net sales
Operating profit 
Capital expenditure 
1999

1998

Group 
1999

(27)

(43)

1999

1998

Amortization and depreciation
excl.  goodwill amortization
Segmental information by region
Europe 
America 
Asia/Pacific 
(in DM million)

1999

1998

1999

1998

1999

1998

Total net sales 
5651

5711

3622

3555

1284

750

Inter-segment sales 
(326)

(285)

(67)

(65)

(6)

–

Net sales third parties 
5325

5426

3555

3489

1278

750

Gross margin 
2216

2204

1433

1395

416
747

406
699

403
450

400
539

578
452
185

305
407
50

2283

2179

1651

1303

752

393

763

657

661

471

317

176

79

68

52

56

35

18

39

38

24

21

10



in % of net sales
Operating profit
Assets
Liabilities
Capital expenditure
Amortization and
depreciation excl. 
goodwill amortization 
adidas-Salomon
Latin America 
HQ/Consolidation 
1999

1998

Total net sales 
246

219

–

–

246

219

67

98
398
30

85
390
22

275

147

129

2183

2266

7016

6270

40

44

3781

3941

5562

5289





88

122

259

268





49

38

124

104

Inter-segment sales
Net sales third parties
Gross margin 
in % of net sales
Operating profit
Assets
Liabilities
Capital expenditure 
1999
3936

1998

Group 
(in DM million)

1999

1998

4062 14739 14297

(3869) (4039) (4268) (4389)

(470)

23 10471
165
(496)

9907

4600

4154

439
942

419
814

Amortization and
depreciation excl. 
goodwill amortization 
71
Group has changed reflecting the further integration of certain central functions.  Further
the definition of operating profit has been unified for internal and external reporting
purposes.  Comparative information has been restated in order to improve comparability. 
Net sales to third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the revenues are
realized.  Inter-segment sales represent sales to operational units not belonging to the
same region; the global sourcing function is shown in the Headquarter/Consolidation
column. 
Transactions between the segments,  as well as between legal entities,  are based on the
dealing-at-arms'-length principle.  However,  certain charges between legal entities are
not reflected in above reporting format. 
Segment assets include all operating assets and comprise mainly accounts receivableinventory,  property and equipment as well as intangible assets.  Segment liabilities
comprise operating liabilities and consist principally of trade and other payables and
accrued liabilities and provisions.  Non-allocable items include goodwill,  financial assetsassets and liabilities relating to income taxes and borrowings,  which are included in the
Headquarter/Consolidation column. 
Capital expenditure,  amortization and depreciation relate to segment assets; the
acquisition of goodwill and the inception of finance leases do not affect capital expenditure.  Capital expenditure in 1998 includes the fair value of the assets acquired by
the purchase of GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft mbH & Co.  KG,  a property investment
company,  which owns the property of the new headquarters of the Company in Herzogenaurach. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Compared to the prior year the composition of the segments of the adidas-Salomon 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
72

26.  Cash flow statement 
The Company acquired all remaining shares outstanding of Salomon S. A.,  Annecy in
1998.  The first step of this acquisition affected cash flows in 1997 (see note 3).  Furtherthe Company acquired a 90% interest in GEV Grundstückgesellschaft mbh & Co.  KGHerzogenaurach. 
The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were as follows at the date of
the acquisition:
(in DM 000)

Salomon group 
GEV

Cash 
174091

48

Inventories 
285169

–

Receivables and other current assets 
800018

75

131539

43994

Property and equipment
Goodwill and other intangible assets
Investments and other non current assets
Minority interests 
1245212

–

76007

471

(20659)

(161)

Accounts payable and other liabilities 
(637132)

(286)

Short-term borrowings 
(399862)

(5356)

Long-term bank borrowings 
(13224)

–

Acquired in-process research and development 
722600

–

2363759

38785

Total acquisition cost
Less: cash acquired 
(174091)

Less: purchase price paid in 1997

(941976)

Cash flow on acquisition net of cash acquired 
1247692

(48)
–
38737

Acquired in-process research and development has been fully expensed upon the initial
consolidation of the Salomon group in 1998.  This accounting treatment had no effect
on cash flows. 
Subsequent acquisition costs for the acquisition of Salomon S. A.  in 1999 (see
note 29),  are presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows as purchase of
goodwill and intangible assets. 
The change of short- and long-term borrowings is presented net,  since the Company
uses credit lines in the form of overdrafts.  A presentation on a gross basis would not be
meaningful,  as cash receipts and payments are frequent and involve material amountsdue to the volatility of financing needs during the year.  The shift between current and
non current borrowings is predominantly due to a change in presentation rather than
actual cash flows (see note 11). 
In addition to short-term cash,  adidas Korea has cash accounts with maturities of 3–12
months in the amount of DM 0 million (1998: DM 1 million),  which are included in
other current assets,  and cash accounts with maturities exceeding 12 months in
the amount of DM 2 million (1998: DM 3 million),  which are included in other non
current assets. 

27.  Commitments
and contingencies 
Contingent liabilities:
As at December 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively,  the Company has bills discounted in
the amount of approximately DM 9 million and DM 10 million and is contingently liable
for guarantees of indebtedness for liabilities due to banks in the amount of approximately DM 2 million and DM 3 million. 
Other financial commitments:
The Company has other financial commitments for promotion and advertising contractswhich mature as follows:
December 31(in DM million)

1999

1998

Within 1 year 
377

354

Between 1 and 5 years 
976

966

After 5 years 
201

225

1554

1545

Commitments in respect of advertising and promotion maturing after five years have
remaining terms of up to 10 years from December 31,  1999. 
In addition purchase commitments for property and equipment are DM 2 million and
DM 25 million as at December 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively,  which are maturing
within one year. 
For commitments under lease and service contracts refer to note 18. 
Litigation:
The Company is currently engaged in various lawsuits resulting from the normal course of
business.  The risks regarding these lawsuits were estimated and are included under
accrued liabilities and provisions (see note 12).  Two of these lawsuits involve significant amounts in connection with the non-prolongation of a license and distribution
agreement in Japan and the claim of a Chinese dissident.  In the opinion of management,  the ultimate liabilities resulting from such claims will not materially affect the
consolidated financial position of the Company. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
73

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
74

28.  Related parties 
Robert Louis-Dreyfus and Christian Tourres,  members of the Executive Board of adidasSalomon AG,  have indirect influence on the French soccer club Olympique de Marseille. 
The Company has a promotion contract with this club. 
Furthermore,  Robert Louis-Dreyfus has indirect influence on the Belgian soccer club
Standard Liège.  There is also a promotion contract between the Company and this clubwhich,  however,  existed prior to the personal engagement of Robert Louis-Dreyfus and
no substantial changes have been made to this contract since then. 
The terms of the promotion contracts with both clubs are similar to those with other
clubs. 

29.  Equity compensation
benefits 
Special Reward and Incentive Plan (SRIP):
adidas-Salomon AG implemented a one-time offer share option plan during the second
quarter of 1997 for certain key employees and Executive Board members.  The options
can be exercised at a fixed pre-determined price.  The rights and terms governing the
exercise are fixed in the option agreement.  One half of the options was exercisable
immediately after the implementation of the plan.  The other options are exercisable in
tranches through June 30,  2001.  A total of 440000 options were granted to exercise
the equal number of shares. 
The option plan is sponsored by two shareholders (Robert Louis-Dreyfus and Christian
Tourres) who supply the shares which are required to fulfil the Company's obligation
under the plan.  The shares are made available at a value equal to the exercise price of
the options.  The contribution (being the difference between realized share price and
exercise price for options exercised) from the two shareholders for the years ended
December 31,  1999 and 1998 of DM 9499000 and DM 23742000 respectively is
shown as extraordinary income; the respective expenses of the same amounts are
included in the selling,  general and administrative expenses. 
Stock option plan
On May 20,  1999,  the Shareholders' Meeting of adidas-Salomon AG resolved a contingent capital in the amount of EURO 3500000 to grant stock options for no-par-value
bearer shares to the members of the Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG,  to the
Managing Directors/Senior Vice Presidents of its subsidiaries as well as to further senior
executives and executives of adidas-Salomon AG and of its affiliated companies. 
Under the adopted stock option plan,  the Executive Board has been authorized to issue
non-transferable stock options for up to 1367187 no-par-value bearer shares to the
above mentioned persons up until August 27,  2004.  The granting of stock options can
take place in tranches,  which shall not exceed 25% of the total volume for each fiscal
year. 

75
three years upon their respective issue.  In the reporting year,  263000 stock options
were issued,  all of which still exist on the balance sheet date. 
The stock options can be exercised only subject to the attainment of at least one of the
following performance objectives during the period between the issue and exercise of
the stock options:
(a) the stock market price for the shares calculated on the basis of the Total Shareholder Return approach has increased by an annual average of at least 8% (absolute performance) or
(b) the stock market price for the shares has developed by an annual average of 1%
more favorably than the stock market prices of the major competitors of the adidasSalomon Group globally and in absolute terms may not have dropped (relative performance). 
The exercise periods encompass 30 trading days of the stock market each and
commence on the 13th trading day of the stock market following the presentation of
the report on the results for the 1st,  2nd and 3rd quarter,  respectively. 
The stock options can only be exercised against payment of the exercise price.  The
exercise price corresponds to the arithmetical mean of the closing prices of the adidasSalomon share over the last 20 trading days of the respective exercise period,  less a
discount,  which is composed of the absolute and relative performance components.  In
any case,  the exercise price shall be at least the lowest issue price as stipulated in § 9
para.  1 of the German Stock Corporation Act 'AktG" (currently EURO 256). 
The option terms and conditions stipulate that the stock options can be used for
already existing common shares in lieu of new shares from the contingent capital,  or in
the place of common shares the discount is paid in cash. 
Compensation costs for the difference between the exercise price and the fair value of
the shares or the intrinsic value of share options granted will not be recognized in the
financial statements. 
Other stock option plans:
At Salomon S. A.,  France,  a tranche of the existing stock option plan was exercised in
June 1999 by the beneficiaries.  As a result of the acquisition of Salomon S. A.,  this
stock option plan was linked with a fixed rate of 073 to the price of the shares of
adidas-Salomon AG.  The effect of this exercise was treated as additional acquisition
cost for adidas Salomon France S. A. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
There is a two-year vesting period for the stock options and a term of approximately 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
76

30.  Other information 
Employees:
The average numbers of employees are as follows:
December 311999

1998

Sales companies 
8048

7568

Sourcing/Production 
3062

2809

Global marketing/Research and development 
811

789

Central functions 
512

495

12433

11661

Remuneration of the Supervisory Board and Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG:
December 31(in DM 000)
Supervisory Board remuneration
Executive Board remuneration 
Thereof SRIP (see note 29)
Remuneration of former members of the Executive Board 
Thereof: Pension payments to former
members of the Executive Board
Pension obligations regarding former
members of the Executive Board 
Herzogenaurach,  February 18,  2000
The Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG

1999

1998

414

403

20357

20707

2978
130

11994

130

129

3262

3247

6633

77
Auditors' Report 
AUDITORS' REPORT

To the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board
adidas-Salomon AG
Herzogenaurach,  Germany
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of adidas-Salomon AG
and subsidiaries (the 'Company") as at December 31,  1999 and 1998,  and the related
consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each of the years ended December 31,  1999 and 1998.  These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing.  Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatements.  An audit
includes examining,  on a test basis,  evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management,  as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion. 
In our opinion,  the financial statements referred to above present fairly,  in all material
respects,  the consolidated financial position of adidas-Salomon AG and subsidiaries as
at December 31,  1999 and 1998,  and the related consolidated results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years ended December 31,  1999 and 1998 in
accordance with International Accounting Standards. 

Frankfurt am Main,  February 18,  2000
KPMG Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft
Aktiengesellschaft
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft
Dieter Kuhn 
Dr.  Bert Böttcher 
Wirtschaftsprüfer 
Wirtschaftsprüfer 
Attachment I to the Notes 
78

adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
STATEMENT OF MOVEMENTS OF FIXED ASSETS
(in DM 000)

Softwarepatentstrademarks 
Total 
and 
Advance 
intangible 
Goodwill 
concessions 
payments 
assets 
277990

39137

875

318002

Acquisition cost
December 31,  1997
Currency effect
Additions
Changes in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  1998

(1926)

(1114)

1147695

28989

21100

88035

–

4707

(1192)
1443667

(3303)
156451

(6)

(3046)

4481

1181165

–

109135

(833)
(36)
4481

3874
(4531)
1604599

Currency effect 
4599

3113



7713

Additions 
1088

48108

16105

65301

Changes in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  1999

701

–

–

5339

(1921)

(1111)

1448134

211900

54064

29128

–
(3115)
–

701
2224
(3032)

17472

1677506

–

83192

Accumulated depreciation/amortization
December 31,  1997
Currency effect 
(1812)

Additions 
77507

23379

–

100886

–

–

–

–

–

2290

–

2290

–

(1457)

Changes in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  1998
Currency effect
Additions 
(1192)

(355)

(265)

–

128567

54177

–

182744

4114

1359

–

5473

76301

28772

–

105073

2041

–

Changes in companies consolidated 
–

Transfers 
(2041)

Disposals 
(1921)

December 31,  1999

(2167)

(532)

–

–
(2453)

205020

85817

–

290837

December 31,  1997

223926

10009

875

234810

December 31,  1998

1315100

102274

4481

1421855

December 31,  1999

1243114

126083

17472

1386669

Net carrying amount 
Attachment I to the Notes 
Other
Technical 
equipment
Land,  land 
equipment 
furniture 
payments/

Total 
affiliated 
Other 
Total 
rights and 
and 
and 
Construction 
tangible 
group 
Partici
financial 
financial 
buildings 
machinery 
fittings 
in progress 
assets 
companies 
pations 
assets 
assets 
241312

7760

602245

943250

123

459

943832

67598

285575

(2934)

(2625)

(13609)

17578

49968

85890

96485

58103

21105

4148

416

(288)
(5241)
346912

(13314)

(17339)

163878

362038

Advance 
(287)

Shares in 
(19455)

(269)

(1)

35943

189379

–

40

–

175693

3002
–

(8150)

(3874)

(693)

(36587)

34573

907401

(942921)

(5)

(275)

4787

4827

735

–

3737

–

–

–

3062

897

(78)
5163

–
(942999)
9122

10362

10223

30867

1054

52506

307

123

7030

7460

21009

42529

100322

34361

198221

4707

934

13994

19635

–

–

–

7708

4372

3226

–
(17530)

(17965)

(11906)

(50398)

368026

209096

446055

51763

1074940

100368

45971

179201

2120

327660

(421)

(695)

–
(2224)

(1019)

(7641)

14831

35501

60789

–

111121

–

–

13

–

13

41

(9081)

–

–

–

–

–

–

(1172)
6904

(298)
1656

(42)
26145

13

(1512)
34705

–

–

–

–

(6643)

(6643)

13

–

–

10213

10213

–

–

–

–

(3480)

–

(2290)

–

–

–

–

(1825)

(13076)

–

(16326)

–

–

(2)

(2)

113394

79777

215806

2120

411097

–

–

3581

3581

2537

5154

19524

–

27215

–

–

7177

7177

15541

37816

73003

1676

128036

–

16

17

33

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

(954)

–

–

–

–

–

–

(39015)

–

(47248)

–

–

–

–

(1425)

(266)
(4595)

1149

–

(80964)

–
–

1220
(3638)

126611

120329

268364

3796

519100

–

16

10775

10791

140944

21627

106374

5640

274585

943250

123

446

943819

233518

84101

146232

32453

496304

3062

897

1582

5541

241415

88767

177691

47967

555840

6904

1640

15370

23914

Attachment I to the Notes 
79

Attachment II to the Notes 
80

SHAREHOLDINGS OF adidas-Salomon AGHERZOGENAURACH

As at December 31,  1999

Equity
000 cur
Company and Domicile 
Share in capital 
Currency 
rency units 
held by 
in %

DEM

1824

directly 
90

DEM

53

directly 
100

DEM

16466

directly 
100

DEM

50

directly 
100

CHF

13103

directly 
100

CHF

15194

12

100

CHF

198

directly 
100

directly 
9589



411

Germany
 GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
 GEV Grundstücks-Beteiligungsgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
 erima Sportbekleidungs GmbH
Reutlingen (Germany)
 adidas Versicherungs-Vermittlungs GmbH
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Europe (incl.  Africa and Middle East)
 adidas Sport GmbH
Lindau (Switzerland)
 Salomon Schweiz A. G. 
Stans (Switzerland)
 Sarragan S. A.  11)
Fribourg (Switzerland)
 adidas Austria GmbH
Klagenfurt (Austria)

ATS

129772

ATS

31585

 Salomon Österreich GmbH
Salzburg (Austria)
Metz-Tessy (France)

12

100

directly 
10 adidas Salomon France S. A. 

855

FRF

3483160

17

145

FRF

274651

10

100

FRF

1681438

10

100

FRF

250

12

100

FRF

964



100

FRF

54876

12

100

FRF

(2157)

11 adidas Sarragan France S, a, r, l. 
Landersheim (France)
12 Salomon S. A. 
Annecy (France)
13 Salomon Industries et Projets France S. A. S.  9) 11)
Metz-Tessy (France)
14 erima France S, a, r, l. 
Landersheim (France)
15 Mavic S. A. 
Saint-Trivier-Sur-Moignans (France)
16 Le Coq Sportif International S. A.  9) 11)
Landersheim (France)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)

directly 
100

directly 
17 adidas International B. V. 

962

USD

305059

11

38

NLG

1133888

directly 
100

18 adidas International Trading B. V. 
Amsterdam (Netherlands)

Attachment II to the Notes 
As at December 31,  1999

Equity
000 cur
Company and Domicile 
Share in capital 
Currency 
rency units 
held by 
in %

EURO

20

17

100

NLG

16299

directly 
100

BEF

80073

20

100

BEF

7383

21

50

GBP

71577

directly 
100

GBP

23

100

GBP

23

100

GBP

23

100

GBP

26

100

GBP

23

100

30

100

12

100

directly 
100

IEP

31

100

IEP

31

100

19 adidas-Salomon International Finance B. V.  9) 11)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
20 adidas Benelux B. V. 
Etten-leur (Netherlands)
21 adidas Belgium N. V. 
Zellik (Belgium)
22 BIG L. A.  N. V. 

10)

Houthalen (Belgium) (December 31,  1998)
23 adidas (UK) Ltd.  1)
Stockport (Great Britain)
24 adidas (ILKLEY) Ltd. 

1) 11)

Stockport (Great Britain)
25 Larasport (U.K. ) Ltd.  1) 11)
Stockport (Great Britain)
26 Sarragan (U.K. ) Ltd. 

1) 11)

Stockport (Great Britain)
27 adidas Trefoil Trading (U.K. ) Ltd.  1) 11)
Stockport (Great Britain)
28 Three Stripes (U.K. ) Ltd. 

1) 11)

Stockport (Great Britain)
29 Salomon Taylor Made Ltd.  8)
Basingstoke (Great Britain)
30 Taylor Made Great Britain Ltd. 
Basingstoke (Great Britain)

GBP

(2863)

8) 11)

GBP

31 adidas (Ireland) Ltd.  2)
Dublin (Ireland)
32 Fortstewart Ltd. 

IEP

5836

2) 11)

Dublin (Ireland)
33 Three Stripe Exports Ltd.  2) 11)
Dublin (Ireland)
34 adidas Espana S. A. 
Zaragoza (Spain)

ESP

6053616

directly 
100

ITL

125747000

directly 
50

12

999

ITL

7852140

35 adidas Italia S, r, l. 
Monza (Italy)
36 Salomon Italia S, p. A. 
Bergamo (Italy)
Treviso (Italy)

01

12

37 Salomon San Giorgio S, p. A. 

37

688

ITL

16759479

36

312

PTE

663777

directly 
51

38 adidas Portugal Lda. 
Lisbon (Portugal)

Attachment II to the Notes 
81

Attachment II to the Notes 
82
As at December 31,  1999

Equity
000 cur
Company and Domicile 
Share in capital 
Currency 
rency units 
held by 
in %

NOK

136534

directly 
100

12

100

39 adidas Norge A/S
Gjovik (Norway)
40 Salomon Norge A/S
Oslo (Norway)

NOK

(8496)

SEK

50687

directly 
100

SEK

39346

12

100

FIM

5946

17

50

FIM

23805

12

100

CZK

329053

directly 
100

HUF

2276796

directly 
85

USD

8702



100

PLN

70785

directly 
100

ROL

24990621

12

100

SKK

106

directly 
100

directly 
100

41 adidas Sverige AB
Hägersten (Sweden)
42 Salomon Sport AB
Svenljunga (Sweden)
43 adidas Suomi Oy 
9)

Helsinki (Finland)
44 Salomon Sport Finland Oy
Helsinki (Finland)
45 adidas CR spol.  s, r, o. 
Prague (Czech Republic)
46 adidas Budapest Kft. 
Budapest (Hungary)
47 adidas Ltd. 
Moscow (Russia)
48 adidas Poland Sp.  z.  o.  o. 
Warsaw (Poland)
49 Salomon Romania Srl 
9)

Timisoara (Rumania) (December 31,  1998)
50 adidas Slovakia s, r, o. 
Bratislava (Slovak Republic)
51 SC adidas Ukraine
Kiev (Ukraine)

UAK

(10636)

52 adidas Hellas A. E. 
Thessaloniki (Greece)

GRD

3263513

directly 
50

DEM

13965

17

51

11

49

(380) indirectly 
51

53 adidas Spor Malzemeleri Satis ve Pazarlama A. S. 
Istanbul (Turkey)
54 adidas Middle East L. L. C. 
(former adidas Gulf L. L. C. )
Dubai (United Arab Emirates)

USD

55 adidas Middle East SAL 11)
Beirut (Lebanon)

USD

3425

11

100

11

49

(88) indirectly 
51

56 adidas Lebanon SAL 11)
Beirut (Lebanon)

USD

57 adidas Egypt Ltd.  11)
Cairo (Egypt)

USD

(1261)

directly 
100

USD

1278

directly 
100

ZAR

30876

directly 
100

58 adidas Israel Ltd. 
Tel Aviv (Israel)
59 adidas (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd. 
Cape Town (South Africa)

As at December 31,  1999

Equity
000 cur
Company and Domicile 
Share in capital 
Currency 
rency units 
held by 
in %

USD

182567

directly 
100

60

8925

12

1075

USD

61

100

USD

61

100

USD

60

100

USD

61

100

USD

61

100

USD

61

100

America
60 adidas Salomon North America Inc.  3)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
61 adidas Salomon USA,  Inc. 
Carlsbad,  California (USA)

USD

117877

62 adidas America Inc.  3)
Spartanburg,  South Carolina (USA)
63 adidas Distribution Center Inc.  3) 11)
Lansing,  Michigan (USA)
64 Sports Inc.  3) 11)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
65 adidas Promotional Retail Operations,  Inc.  3)
(former adidas Retail Outlets Inc. )
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
66 adidas Sales Inc.  3)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
67 adidas Village Corporation 
9) 11)

Portland,  Oregon (USA)
68 Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc. 
Carlsbad,  California (USA)

USD

49719

61

100

USD

(16062)

61

100

69 Salomon North America,  Inc. 
Georgetown,  Massachusetts (USA)
70 Salomon Design Center Inc.  9)
Boulder,  Colorado (USA) (December 31,  1998)

USD



61

100

USD

3790

61

100

USD

3252

61

100

USD

575

directly 
100

CAD

8279

60

100

CAD

5037

12

100

71 Bonfire Snowboarding,  Inc. 
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
72 Mavic Inc. 
Haverhill,  Massachusetts (USA)
73 LXZA Inc. 

9) 11)

(former LCS America Inc. )
Spartanburg,  South Carolina (USA) (December 31,  1998)
74 adidas-Salomon Canada Ltd. 
(former adidas (Canada) Ltd. )
Toronto (Canada)
75 Salomon Canada Sports Ltd. 
Montreal (Canada)

Attachment II to the Notes 
83

Attachment II to the Notes 
84
As at December 31,  1999

Equity
000 cur
Company and Domicile 
Share in capital 
Currency 
rency units 
held by 
in %

USD

155888

18

100

HKD

37793

directly 
100

CNY

53509

directly 
100

directly 
50

Asia/Pacific
76 adidas-Salomon International Sourcing Ltd.  4)
(former adidas Asia/Pacific Ltd. )
Hong Kong (China)
77 adidas Hong Kong Ltd. 
Hong Kong (China)
78 adidas (Suzhou) Co.  Ltd. 
Suzhou (China)
79 adidas China Holding Co.  Ltd. 

9) 11)

Hong Kong (China)

HKD

(549)

80 Guangzhou adi Sporting Goods Ltd.  11)
Guangzhou (China)

directly
CNY

8638

81 Guangzhou Adi Trade & Development Co.  Ltd.  11)

90

indirectly 
10

indirectly 
50

CNY

(67222)

80

50

JPY

Guangzhou (China)

(921940)

directly 
100

82 adidas Japan K. K. 
Tokyo (Japan)
83 Salomon & Taylor Made Co.,  Ltd. 
Tokyo (Japan)

JPY

7509112

12

7974

KRW

30075000

directly 
51

84 adidas Korea Ltd. 
Seoul (Korea)
85 Taylor Made Korea Ltd. 

9)

Seoul (Korea)

KRW

68

100

directly 
99

17



INR

86

80

IDR

(6906213) indirectly 
92

86 adidas India Private Ltd.  5)
New Delhi (India)
87 adidas India Trading Private Ltd. 

INR

(110939)

5)

New Delhi (India)
88 P. T.  Trigaris Sportindo
(adidas Indonesia)
Jakarta (Indonesia)
89 adidas Malaysia Sdn.  Bhd. 
Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia)

MYR

5540

directly 
60

PHP

152908

directly 
100

SGD

1373

directly 
100

TWD

91281

directly 
100

90 adidas Philippines Inc. 
Manila (Philippines)
91 adidas Singapore Pte.  Ltd. 
(Singapore)
92 adidas Taiwan Ltd. 
Taipei (Taiwan)
93 adidas Holding (Thailand) Co.  Ltd. 
Bangkok (Thailand)

directly 
49

THB

(3962) indirectly 
51

THB

67720

indirectly 
100

AUD

38241

directly 
100

NZD

1947

directly 
100

94 adidas (Thailand) Co.  Ltd. 
Bangkok (Thailand)
95 adidas Australia Pty.  Ltd. 
Mulgrave (Australia)
96 adidas New Zealand Pty.  Ltd. 
Auckland (New Zealand)

As at December 31,  1999

Equity
000 cur
Company and Domicile 
Share in capital 
Currency 
rency units 
held by 
in %

ARS

5548

directly 
100

BRL

813

directly 
100

Latin America
97 adidas Argentina S. A. 
Buenos Aires (Argentina)
98 adidas do Brasil Ltda. 
São Paulo (Brazil)
99 ASPA do Brazil Ltda.  4)
São Paulo (Brazil)

BRL

76

Santiago de Chile (Chile)

100

directly 
100 adidas Chile Ltda. 

99

CLP

1765729





COP

427254

directly 
100

MXN

49475

directly 
100

directly 
100

101 adidas Colombia Ltda. 
Cali (Colombia)
102 adidas de Mexico S. A.  de C. V.  6)
Mexico City (Mexico)
103 adidas Industrial S. A.  de C. V.  6)
Mexico City (Mexico)

MXN

104 adidas Latin America S. A. 
Panama City (Panama)

USD

9409

directly 
100

UYU

1157

directly 
100

VEB

249369

directly 
100

106

100

105 3 Stripes S. A.  (adidas Uruguay)
Montevideo (Uruguay)
106 adidas Corporation de Venezuela,  S. A.  7)
Caracas (Venezuela)
107 adidas Margarita S. A.  7) 11)
Porlamar,  Marg.  (Venezuela)

VEB

1)

Sub-group adidas UK

2)

Sub-group Ireland 
3)

Sub-group USA

4)

Sub-group adidas-Salomon International Sourcing 
5)

Sub-group India 
6)

Sub-group Mexico 
7)

Sub-group Venezuela 
8)

Sub-group Salomon-Taylor Made UK

9)

Ten companies have not been included in the consolidated financial statements of adidas-Salomon AG due to their insignificance. 

10)

Associated company; due to its insignificance no equity valuation was made. 

11)

Companies with no active business 
Attachment II to the Notes 
85

Selected Financial Data 
86

adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
(INTERNATIONAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS)

EURO
1999

1999

19982)

19971)

19961)

1995

P&L data (in DM million)
Net sales 
5354

10471

9907

6698

4709

3500

Footwear3)

2222

4346

4004

2871

2171

1790

Apparel3)

2190

4284

4305

3586

2314

1528

929

1817

1579

238

181

131

4465

8733

8441

6698

4709

3500

Salomon 
543

1062

850







Taylor Made 
292

571

514







44

86

102







Hardware 
3)

adidas 
Mavic
Europe 
2723

5325

5426

4112

3159

2393

North America 
1818

3555

3489

1699

1026

767

Asia/Pacific 
653

1278

750

701

416

249

Latin America 
126

246

219

169

108

91

2352

4600

4154

2810

1877

1389

482

942

814

618

376

252

35

68

87

85

97

100

Gross profit
Operating profit
Royalty and commission income
Financial expenses,  net 
(84)

(164)

(224)

(31)

(13)

(47)

Income before taxes 
398

779

624

677

444

296

Income taxes 
153

299
384%
34
445

206
330%
17
401

186
275%
28
463

107
240%
24
314

43
145%

245

in % of IBT
Minority interests
Net income 4)

18
228

P&L ratios
Gross margin 
439%

419%

419%

398%

397%

Operating margin 
90%

82%

92%

80%

69%

Profit margin 4)

43%

40%

69%

67%

70%

(155)

3190

85

102

Working capital turnover 
49

Interest coverage 
61

48

212

141

88

335%

442%

330%

329%

425%

207%

205%

358%

352%

350%

Return on equity 4)
Return on capital employed 
4)

Selected Financial Data 
87

EURO
1999

1999

19982)

19971)

19961)

1995

1777

Balance sheet data (in DM million)
Total assets 
3587

7016

6270

4349

2520

Inventories 
1045

2044

1906

1606

1088

843

Receivables and other current assets 
1234

2414

2007

1158

818

563

Working capital 
1096

2144

21

555

343

Total borrowings,  net 
1591

3112

3236

1443

340

407

Shareholders' equity 
680

1330

906

1401

956

577

2340%

3572%

1030%

356%

706%

190%

144%

322%

379%

324%

(640)

Balance sheet ratios
Financial leverage
Equity ratio
Data per share (in DM)
Earnings per share 4)

502

982

884

1021

693

540

Operating cash flow 
724

1416

517

172

442

289

Dividend per ordinary share 
092

180

165

165

110

025

12829

12036

7993

6986

5730

1134

1004

646

468

389

Employees
Number of employees at year end
Personnel expenses (in DM million)

1)
2)
3)
4)

1997 and 1996 comparatives are restated due to the application of IAS 12 (revised 1996) 'Income Taxes". 
Consolidated financial statements for 1998 include the Salomon group for the first time. 
1998 comparatives are restated due to revised classification of Salomon,  Taylor Made and Mavic products. 
In 1998 before special effect of DEM 723 million for acquired in-process research and development expensed. 

Definitions:
Gross margin is defined as gross profit divided by net sales
Operating margin is defined as operating profit divided by net sales
Profit margin is defined as net income divided by net sales
Working capital turnover is defined as net sales divided by working capital
Interest coverage is defined as earnings before taxes and net interest divided by net interest
Return on equity is defined as net income divided by shareholders' equity
Return on capital employed is defined as income before taxes and minority interests and before financial and extraordinary result divided by
capital employed (defined as average of shareholders' equity plus minority interests plus total borrowings,  net for the respective period)
Financial leverage is defined as total borrowings,  net divided by shareholders' equity
Equity ratio is defined as shareholders' equity divided by total assets 
88

adidas-Salomon AG
Adi-Dassler-Strasse 1-2
91074 Herzogenaurach
Germany
Internet Address:
www, adidas, de
Investor Relations:
Tel. :

+49 (9132) 84-2471 /-2920

Fax:

+49 (9132) 84-3127

e-mail:

investor, relations[at]adidas, de 
adidas-Salomon is a member of DIRK
(German Investor Relations Association)

Concept and Design:
adidas-Salomon 
Realization:
Advantage Doremus 
Photo Credits:
adidas-Salomon AG
(adidas,  Salomon,  Taylor Made,  Mavic)

Out of concern for the environmentthis paper was produced with a
non-chlorine bleaching process. 
Printed on Zanders Ikono Silk
and Zanders Zeta Matt. 

Printed in Germany 

