ANNUAL REPORT 2000

New Management:
Our Mission and Goals
pages 2,  8
Share Price Development:
Improved Throughout 2000
page 4
Platform to Grow:
New Strategies for the Brands
page 12
Net Sales Development:
Record Level g 58 billion
page 28
2001 Outlook:
Net Earnings to Increase 15%
page 50

2000: KEY POINTS IN BRIEF

Net Sales
(euros in millions)

2000
1999
1998
1997
1996


1000

2000

3000

4000

5000

6000

200

300

400

500

600





Income
(euros in millions)

2000
1999
1998*
1997
1996


100

Income before taxes and minority interests
Net income
* Before special effect 
Earnings Per Share
(in euros)

2000
1999
1998*
1997
1996






* Before special effect 




Financial Highlights 
Operating Highlights (euros in millions)
Net sales
Income before taxes and minority interests
Net income
Key Ratios (in %)
Gross margin
Selling,  general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales
Effective tax rate
Net income as a percentage of net sales
Equity ratio
Per Share of Common Stock (euros)
Earnings per share
Dividend per ordinary share
Share price at year-end
* Dividend proposal subject to Annual General Meeting approval 
2000
5835
347
182

1999
5354
398
228

433
345
403
31
203

439
338
384
43
190

401
092*
6600

502
092
7455

Table of Contents 
Consolidated Accounts (IAS)
Glossary
Financial Highlights: Five Year Overview
Segmental Information: Three Year Overview
Financial Calendar 
61
100
104
106
108

TABLE OF CONTENTS




4

12
28
52
58

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Mission Statement
Shareholder Information
Management Speaks Out
Strategy
Management Discussion & Analysis
Corporate Governance
Major Subsidiaries 


Mission Statement 
adidas-Salomon is a global leader in the sporting goods
industry and offers the broadest portfolio of products. 
We are building a world of sports.  That means passion for
competition and a sporting lifestyle underlies everything we do:
Ⅲ Consumers are our focus and our top priority.  We are
continuously improving the quality,  look,  feel and image of
our products to match and exceed consumer expectations
and to provide them with the highest value. 
Ⅲ We strive to bring innovation in technology and design to
our footwear,  apparel and hardware products in order to
help athletes of all skill levels achieve peak performance. 
Ⅲ We are a global organization that is socially and environmentally responsible,  creative and financially rewarding for
our employees and shareholders. 

Our strategy is simple: continuously strengthen our brands
and products to improve our competitive position and financial
performance. 
adidas-Salomon has the highest market share in Europe and
we intend to reinforce and extend this position.  By the end of
2003,  we aim to double sales in Asia from the 1999 level,  and
we will be well on our way to achieving a 20% share of the
US footwear market.  The resulting sales growth,  together with
added efficiencies and working capital improvements,  will drive
the 15% earnings growth in each of the next three years. 

Mission Statement 


adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000



Shareholder Information 
2000 Monthly Share Price Development
140
120
100
80
60
Jan 
Feb Mar 
Apr May Jun 
Jul 
Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec 
adidas-Salomon
DAX-30 Index
Standard & Poor's SuperCap Footwear Index 
Solid Development of adidas-Salomon Share
Despite a turbulent year on the stock markets,  the adidasSalomon share price developed favorably in the second half
of 2000.  At year-end the share price was c 6600,  down 11%
from 1999 year-end,  but up 32% from its first quarter low. 
This performance was slightly lower than the German DAX-30
Index,  which declined 8% over the same period,  and clearly
behind the Standard & Poor's SuperCap Footwear Index,  a
composite of the Group's major footwear competitors in
America,  which increased 30% over the year as a result of the
rebounding sporting goods environment in the United States. 
First quarter declines in the adidas-Salomon share price
were driven by company,  industry and market factors.  At
adidas-Salomon,  Management changes and the c 38 million
Growth and Efficiency Program were announced.  Profit warnings were issued in the industry,  which pushed share prices
down dramatically.  In addition,  interest rate increases and
mixed economic signals in the United States and the falling
euro raised overall market skepticism. 

2000 Quarterly DAX-30 Comparison
(in %)

10

–10
–20
Q1/00

Q2/00

Q3/00

As the year progressed,  however,  confidence in the new Management's plans increased,  the athletic footwear retail industry
consolidated and strengthened in the United States and investor
insecurity about the  new economy" drove increased interest
in our share and industry.  Analyst sentiment also improved. 
adidas-Salomon outperformed the DAX-30 after the first
quarter and showed consistent improvement,  gaining strongest
momentum in the fourth quarter.  In November,  adidas-Salomon
was the top performer in the DAX-30.  The adidas-Salomon
share price continued to appreciate in early 2001. 

Q4/00

adidas-Salomon
DAX

Dividend Payout Ratio
(in % of Net Income)

2000
1999
1998*
1997
1996



Target range
* Before special effect 
10

15

20

25

Dividend Sustained at g 092
The adidas-Salomon Executive Board will propose paying a
dividend of c 092 per share to the Annual General Meeting
of Shareholders on May 10,  the same amount as in 1999. 
This represents a total payout of approximately c 42 million. 
The decision to maintain a stable dividend level represents
Management's confidence in its ability to achieve its 2001
financial targets,  despite the net income decline in 2000. 
The proposal represents a total payout ratio of 23%,  which is
above the defined range of the Company's dividend policywhich recommends a payout ratio of between 15 and 20% of
consolidated net income.  Management views 2000 as a year
of consolidation and restructuring and is increasing the payout
percentage to reward long-term shareholders.  In 2001 and
beyond,  adidas-Salomon will return to a dividend payout ratio
consistent with its established dividend policy. 
Investor Relations Program Extends Offering
Open and consistent communication with shareholders,  potential investors and other members of the financial community is
 high priority for adidas-Salomon.  In addition,  the transition of
new Management in 2000 brought a strong mandate to extend
and strengthen our relationship with each of these important
groups.  It is our belief that this communication is critical to a
fair valuation of the adidas-Salomon share. 

Shareholder Information 


adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Share Information
2000

1999

per share
Income
Dividend*
Including tax credit
Shareholders' equity 
401
092
112
1798

502
092
131
1499

Year-end price**
High**
Low**

6600
7310
4981

7455
10300
6835

4535
4172
23%
1646
139%

4535
4174
18%
1485
123%

(in euros)

Investor Relations activities focused on introducing new
Management to the financial community.  In addition to increased
investor meetings and industry conference participationadidas-Salomon conducted its first ever Investor Day event in
New York in October.  Presentations were made to detail the
new global marketing strategy,  plans for North America and
global supply chain management. 

The Investor Newsletter function makes investor-relevant press
releases,  annual and quarterly report notification and updates
to the financial calendar available.  Investor e-mail inquiries can
be made at investor, relations[at]adidas, de.  Copies of the annual
report can also be ordered online.  This site was recently ranked
number two and number three among DAX companies in two
leading German financial publications. 

In new media activities,  the Investor Relations internet site
www, adidas, com/investor was improved and expanded in 2000. 
The site now includes corporate history,  investor news,  current
and historical share price information,  quarterly earnings reports
and presentations,  as well as a list of financial analysts who
cover our Company and a summary of their recommendations. 

adidas-Salomon is committed to extending and improving its
dialog with private and institutional investors going forward. 
In 2001,  we will be webcasting all our analyst conferences to
ensure full disclosure to all interested parties.  After a successful
premiere in 2000,  we also intend to broadcast our shareholders'
meeting on the internet. 

Number of shares outstanding (in millions)
Dividend payout (in millions)*
Dividend payout ratio
Price-Earnings ratio
Dividend yield
* 2000: dividend proposal
** Closing price on the Frankfurt stock exchange 
Type of share
Initial Public Offering
Stock exchange
Stock registration number
Important indices 
No-par-value share
November 17,  1995
Frankfurt,  Paris
500 340
DAX-30
CDAX-Consumer-Cyclical Index
Dow Jones Stoxx
Dow Jones Euro Stoxx 


Letter from Chief Executive Officer 
This is the last annual report that I will be writing to you as CEO
of adidas-Salomon,  and I am very pleased and proud to be
handing over a company which is in great shape.  Over the last
eight years,  we have seen massive changes and enormous
achievements in our firm.  Now is the time to put all of these
things into perspective. 

Robert Louis-Dreyfus 
Let me take you back to the early 1990s.  The first priority of the
new Management team was to avoid impending bankruptcy. 
Once this had been done successfully,  we focused on improving margins,  optimizing product flows,  shifting sourcing and
giving the Company a completely new marketing orientation. 
We were in the fortunate position to have the task of reviving
one of the greatest brand names in the world.  As I said on my
first day in charge,  I was absolutely convinced that we could do
this.  Even so,  the rapidity of our recovery surprised even me. 
The changes we made bore fruit very quickly.  This allowed us
to go public at the end of 1995.  The initial launch price was
 35 and,  as I write this,  adidas-Salomon shares are trading at
above c 75,  representing a growth of more than 110%. 
The two years following our public launch saw us grow
extremely quickly.  In the process,  we became the clear number
two in the global sporting goods market. 

In 1997,  we acquired the Salomon group and added four great
brands Salomon,  TaylorMade,  Mavic and Bonfire to our
renamed company,  adidas-Salomon.  This expansion marked a
new era in our business and made us the only sports company
in the world to be leaders in footwear,  apparel and hardware. 
No other company in our industry can match that. 
Now that the Salomon group has been successfully integrated
into adidas,  we are beginning to see the real benefits of the
acquisition.  The continuously improving results of all the new
brands plus our projections for annual double-digit growth for
Salomon and TaylorMade going forward are the best evidence
of that.  I am firmly convinced that the more time passes,  the
better the fit between adidas and these brands will prove to be. 
Here are a few more figures to underline our increasingly strong
position as the world's leading portfolio of sports brands,  in
terms of growth and financial results. 
Since our initial public offering in 1995,  we have more than
tripled our net sales,  more than doubled our pre-tax profit,  as
well as more than doubled our market capitalization.  Currentlywe employ over 13000 people and are present in almost every
country in the world. 
Our real goal has always been to achieve global leadership in
sporting goods.  We have already achieved this position in a
number of markets,  for example in France and Germany. 
We have also reached our goal in several sports categories. 
For example,  we are,  indisputably,  the world's number one in 
Management Speaks Out 
soccer.  We now have to grow from this strong base to win
leadership in all important markets and categories.  To do this
is our challenge and to achieve it is,  I believe,  our destiny. 
As you read this annual report,  you will get a good feel for what
our Company is all about.  You will also get a feel for the people
who lead it.  It will give you an insight into our COO and my successor,  Herbert Hainer.  For many years,  I have worked closely
with Herbert and I am fully convinced that he is the perfect
person to take up the challenge and lead adidas-Salomon into
the next phase of growth.  He knows our Company and our
business inside out.  He is passionate about sport.  He is out
there to win both on the field of play and in the markets. 
As to content,  our report will begin with Herbert highlighting the
most important events which took place in 2000 and describing his vision for the future of adidas-Salomon.  This will be
followed by a strategy section in which the drivers of the next
growth phase will be outlined.  The report will finish with the
Management discussion and analysis of 2000 and our consoli
dated financial statements.  After looking through this,  I am sure
that you will share my view that we have created the platform
for tremendous success at adidas-Salomon for the first decade
of the new millennium. 



adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Group Sales Development (1995–2000)
(euros in billions)


5


Of all the things that I have done so far in my career,  helping to
bring about the renaissance of this great company is the one
which has given me the most pleasure.  It is also the achievement of which I am most proud. 
Thank you for your support since we took this company public. 
 remain a major shareholder in adidas-Salomon but my role will
change.  Like you perhaps,  I will now watch,  encourage and
support adidas-Salomon from the sidelines.  And I have always
supported the winning team. 

Robert Louis-Dreyfus
Chief Executive Officer
March 2001


2

0
1995

1996

1997

1998

1999

2000

2000
5835
433
75
347
4018
401

1995
1790
397
69
151
909
276

Financial Performance (1995 versus 2000)
(euros in millions,  except EPS)

Net sales
Gross margin in %
Operating margin in %
Income before taxes
Total assets
Earnings per share 


Letter from Chief Operating Officer 
This is my first opportunity to formally write to you as
CEO-designate of adidas-Salomon and it is indeed a tremendous privilege for me.  This letter will be a lot like I am,  direct
and focused.  First,  I will discuss how our achievements over
the last few years,  and in 2000 in particular,  have positioned
us for the future.  Second,  I will present the key goals we have
established for adidas-Salomon going forward. 

Herbert Hainer 
our products continues,  fashion houses and vertical retailers
are fighting for our consumers like never before,  and consumer
expectations for sports products are changing.  To extend our
position as a global leader in the sporting goods industry,  we
have to increase our brand power and improve the quality,  look
and feel of our products.  At the moment,  we are just scratching
the surface.  In the future,  we will fully leverage the power of
our amazing portfolio of brands and,  in doing so,  create better
value for you. 

For the past 50 years,  our Company's core competency has
always been in designing and marketing sports footwear,  apparel
and equipment.  Our products have consistently exemplified the
values that our consumers associate with our brand: performance,  innovation and heritage.  In each of these areas,  we are
improving continuously because we believe these are also the
crucial drivers for the future of our Company.  The competition
in our sector is fierce.  Consolidation among retailers who sell 
 Fitter,  Stronger adidas-Salomon
2000 was a pivotal year for adidas-Salomon.  First,  we put a
new Management team in place.  In addition to myself,  we also
have a new Head of Global Marketing,  a new Chief Financial
Officer,  a new Creative Director and a new President of adidas
America.  Together,  we launched an ambitious Growth and
Efficiency Program designed to refocus and streamline our
global organization. 

Management Speaks Out 
As part of the program:
Ⅲ We took out unnecessary management layers,  to ensure
that our whole decision-making process is faster and more
transparent. 
Ⅲ We streamlined our European warehouse and logistics structure,  to make sure our new products get to the market faster. 
Ⅲ We accelerated our internet and e-business activities,  in
order to utilize this powerful marketing tool for the future. 
Ⅲ We re-established our commitment to technology and
design innovation,  by moving those teams up in our
hierarchy and committing more resources to them. 
Ⅲ We committed to reducing our product range by 20% to
get rid of unprofitable and redundant products. 
Ⅲ We expanded the marketing and sales activities of the
Salomon and TaylorMade brands enormously,  to maximize
their brand value. 
As a result of these efforts,  adidas-Salomon today is a fasterleaner and more responsive organization with a much stronger
and far more concentrated design and marketing focus. 
Over the next three years,  our earnings will also increase
substantially as a result of this program. 



adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Performance in 2000
Looking at our financial results in 2000,  the strength of our
global brand portfolio and our commitment to bring new and
better product innovations to the market is obvious.  Let me
give you a few examples:
Ⅲ The adidas,  Salomon,  TaylorMade and Mavic brands all
grew worldwide. 
Ⅲ The improvement at adidas came from the footwear side
and our increased own-retail activities. 
Ⅲ The improvement at Salomon,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf and
Mavic was driven by the introduction of new products such
as the Pilot ski system,  the 300 SeriesTM metalwoods and
new bicycle wheels. 
Ⅲ The gross margin came in at an industry-leading 433% as a
result of more own-retail activities and a better product mix. 

10

While these achievements are impressive,  we need to do more. 
Let me give you a few examples:
Ⅲ We need to turn around adidas America,  to improve our
position in the world's largest sporting goods market. 
This is our biggest challenge and the Group's key focus. 
Ⅲ We need to improve our apparel,  and that means designproduction and marketing to match the changing needs and
demands of our consumers. 
Ⅲ We need to reduce our operating expenses,  particularly our
operating overhead and our marketing working budget,  to
guarantee that the top-line improvements we generate reach
the bottom line with even greater effect. 
Ⅲ We need to improve our working capital performance in
order to drive down our financing costs and pay down our
debt.  This will further improve the financial strength of our
Company. 
And we are doing this.  In every single one of these areas,  we
have already taken steps to ensure that we continue to make
progress towards better performance in 2001 and beyond. 

Management Speaks Out 
11

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Brand Marketing Successes
Success in linking our brands and products to world-class
sporting events and personalities is critical in improving our
profile with consumers.  Here are a few examples of how we
did this in 2000:

Other Big Wins in 2000
In addition to these major sporting events,  there were two
special recognitions that adidas-Salomon received in 2000which show that the changes we are making as an organization
are also starting to be recognized externally. 

The Future
2001 is going to be a really exciting year.  We have reinvigorated
our team and refocused our energies.  adidas-Salomon is a far
better organization today in terms of design,  marketing and
sales than it was a year ago. 

Ⅲ At the Summer Olympics in Sydney,  we sponsored more
than 3000 athletes,  giving us more medals and sponsorship
identification than any other company. 
Ⅲ At the European soccer championships,  France won the
competition,  helping us to retain our number one position in
the European market. 
Ⅲ In the United States,  Kobe Bryant's scoring helped bring
the Lakers another NBA title and boosted the sales of
The KOBE shoe our most successful new basketball
release in a decade. 
Ⅲ In the United States again,  Marat Safin won the US Open
and is the hottest prospect in men's tennis worldwide. 
Martina Hingis is the undisputed number one in women's
tennis.  Together with Anna Kournikova,  the most famous
female athlete in the world today,  these stars have propelled
adidas to first place in the US tennis market and driven
double-digit growth in this category in 2000. 
Ⅲ At a World Cup race in Kitzbühel,  Austria,  21-year-old Salomon
sponsored Mario Matt,  wearing our hot selling Equipe 10 3V
skis,  established himself as the new winter sports icon by
winning the downhill.  After a great ski season,  he went on
to become the world champion in early 2001. 
Ⅲ And at golf tournaments throughout the world,  the
TaylorMade 300 SeriesTM metalwood really made its mark. 
The driver had 27 wins globally as well as 57 top ten finishes. 

On the marketing side,  the adidas brand won the prestigious
CLIO 'Advertiser of the Year" award in recognition of our
superior worldwide advertising over the last few years.  This is
important in reaching the audiences young,  fashion-orientedmedia-focused that will determine our success in the future. 
We are proud of this work and,  as we reposition adidas for
stronger performance,  this media skill will be important. 

That means we now have the right platform to move on to the
next phase in our plans to maximize the performance and profitability of our brands by making top-line growth our top priority. 
 am convinced that this year our new strategic initiatives will
bring us even greater successes. 

Another big area of pride for our Company was being selected
to join the Dow Jones Sustainability Group Index.  This is the
world's premiere index for sustainability-driven companies. 
Sustainability-driven companies are characterized by integrating environmental and social responsibility into their business
strategy to deliver lasting benefits to current and future generations.  Based on our social,  environmental and financial performance,  we are now recognized as an industry leader for sustainability issues.  In particular,  Dow Jones cited our significant
progress in improving the social and environmental conditions
in the factories which supply our products.  This is a distinction
we have worked hard for,  are proud of and will make sure we
maintain going forward. 

In the following pages,  we have outlined our strategy for
pushing adidas-Salomon to the next performance level. 
Our passion to compete and win is what pushes us forward. 
And it is our passion which will drive us to extend our position
as a global leader in the sporting goods industry and to deliver
the financial performance which this Company is capable of
achieving. 

Herbert Hainer
Chief Operating Officer
March 2001

12

adidas-Salomon Strategy 
The Challenge of Market and Consumer Change
The markets and industry in which we compete are transforming
rapidly,  paced by the evolution or revolution in how 'sports"
are defined.  Team sports such as soccer and basketball will
always be a fundamental part of sporting competition.  Todayhowever,  eclectic,  individual  no-rules" sports such as snowboarding,  inline skating and surfing have grown into significant
categories.  Activities such as golf,  hiking and mountain bikingwhich used to be seen as lifestyle and leisure activities,  are now
part of mainstream sports.  Sport is also being strongly influenced
by entertainment and new media.  As a result,  technological
breakthroughs and cutting-edge design are increasingly
important elements in the consumer buying decision. 

Strategy 
To improve our brand impact on new and existing consumer
groups,  adidas,  Salomon,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf and Mavic
must define and project distinct and cohesive product images. 
These images must be sharp,  active and in sync with the
heritage of these brand identities.  Our organization and supply
chain are changing too,  to ensure that we can move beyond
the traditional way of developing,  positioning and marketing our
brands and products.  To accomplish these goals:

adidas
Strengthening the adidas brand is at the core of our new
strategy.  In 2000,  the adidas brand contributed over 80% of
our total sales and profits.  The majority of Group products and
employees are focused on adidas.  Thus its performance is
critical to the organization's long-term success.  Our goal is to
refocus and reposition the adidas brand to fully exploit its
market potential. 

Ⅲ The adidas brand will be strategically repositioned to increase
its impact on consumers. 
Ⅲ The strengths of Salomon,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf and Mavic
will be leveraged further. 
Ⅲ Brand initiatives will be backed up with the new supply chain
initiatives to maximize bottom-line impact. 

For adidas,  this means moving away from the traditional industrysegregated footwear,  apparel and hardware divisions and
strategies.  Going forward,  the focus will be to integrate all of
these products into three specific consumer-group targeted
divisions: FOREVER SPORT,  ORIGINAL and EQUIPMENT. 
These divisions will create greater market penetration among
athletes,  sports enthusiasts and lifestyle consumers. 

13

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

14

adidas FOREVER SPORT

adidas started with one man's vision: to help athletes perform
to the peak of their ability by creating the best sports products
in the world.  Currently,  over 90% of our products are focused
on delivering benefits to athletes in a specific sport.  The products target sports performance,  with both athletic sport style
and leisure appeal.  As a result,  each and every product in the
FOREVER SPORT division is engineered to perform. 
To ensure the highest level of functionality,  comfort,  cushioning,  durability and fit,  the FOREVER SPORT division has moved
from being a footwear and apparel generalist to being a multispecialist in five specific sports categories: running,  basketballsoccer,  training and tennis.  The target audience for these
products are sports enthusiasts of all ages,  but with a particular
focus on urban youth aged 12 24.  Integrated footwear,  apparel
and accessories product packages will be available in each of
these categories. 

Ⅲ Running Category Preparing for Leadership
Our goal in running is clear to become the leading
running brand worldwide.  This category currently makes up
nearly 40% of our footwear sales and is one of our strongest
growing apparel categories for the adidas brand.  Our top
shoes have repeatedly received the best product awards
within the running community.  This category will also serve
as the base for implementation of new footwear technologies
in the future,  starting in Spring/Summer 2002.  Supporting
our strong products is our sponsorship of a great portfolio of
marathon events,  as well as a team of successful adidas
runners such as Haile Gebrselassie and Ato Boldon. 

Strategy 
15

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Ⅲ Basketball is Scoring Big Improvements
Over the last few years,  adidas has transformed its heritage
in basketball from a supplier of no-frills,  highly functional
products to a major brand for urban basketball players and
basketball inspired youth.  Double-digit sales increases were
achieved in 2000 and we expect even stronger growth for
2001 and beyond.  It is clear that basketball will be one of
adidas' major growth drivers going forward. 
Our promotional partner Kobe Bryant will be key to our efforts
here.  The introduction of the high-end The KOBE basketball
shoe in 2000 was our most successful new product launch
in this category in over a decade.  And the success of The
KOBE is just the beginning.  There are many other products
in the pipeline such as the Mad Handle,  All Day/All Night and
The KOBE 2 that will score big with consumers. 

16

adidas FOREVER SPORT

Ⅲ Soccer Never Stops
Our dedication and devotion to soccer never stops.  adidas
is known throughout the world as the premiere soccer
brand.  Going forward,  we will strengthen and expand our
global leadership in soccer by pushing through a number of
key initiatives.  We will be rolling out a continuous stream of
customer-focused products tailored to the needs of our
consumers.  Additionally,  we will continue our support and
promotion of high-profile teams and players globally.  We will
partner with top federations and major soccer events,  including the men's World Cup 2002 (Japan and Korea) and 2006
(Germany) as well as the women's World Cup in 2003 (China). 
Credibility is key in this category and we will build on the
successes.  In 2000,  the adidas sponsored French national
team won the European soccer championships.  One of our
leading promotional partners Zinedine Zidane was voted
'World Football Player" of the year twice in the last three
years.  Through his ongoing support and that of other top
players including David Beckham and Raúl,  the Predator®
Precision shoe has become the most popular and most
critically acclaimed soccer shoe in the world.  This product
will also serve as the base for our first 'customization
experience",  in which we will introduce tailor-made shoes
based on playing conditions and athletes' needs. 

Ⅲ Training for Sport Moves Forward
Training is one of our largest categories with nearly 70% of
our 2000 apparel sales and over 10% of our footwear sales. 
Our success in this category is dependent on our ability to
offer appealing products that connect with our consumers. 
In 2001 and beyond,  we will be offering products with newinnovative materials and improved design and color direction
to increase our strong position in this category.  One important example is our new premium-priced Three Stripe
Training line,  which will be introduced in Fall/Winter 2001. 
Ⅲ Tennis Serves up Market Dominance
In tennis,  adidas is the undisputed market leader in terms
of market share,  top products and athletes.  This is a key
category for adidas and an area in which we are committed
to extending our market leadership through ongoing
technological innovation.  A current example of this is our
recently launched Precision Polo tennis shirt,  which compresses muscles to increase accuracy and reduce fatigue. 
In addition to strong products in both footwear and apparelwe have the best portfolio of promotional partners and
symbols.  These include top-ranked tennis players Martina
Hingis and Marat Safin,  as well as the highest-profile female
athlete,  Anna Kournikova. 

Design and Technology as Key Priorities
With the integration of footwear and apparel and with one
Creative Director overseeing the design of all our products,  we
will be able to ensure a unique design look and feel that is
distinctly adidas. 
In addition to design,  technology is critical to our understanding
of innovation.  We have created a new Technical Innovation
Group,  which will be launching at least one major innovation
per year.  These innovations will either be completely new
technologies or major advancements of current products or
functional concepts. 
Customer Driven
We are currently in the process of extending our already strong
relationships with retailers.  We will focus on delivering our brand
message through customized programs,  including specific
product packages,  point-of-sale activities,  merchandising
service and shop-in-shop systems.  In addition,  we will target
our consumers directly through increased own-retail sales in
concept shops and factory outlets. 
Outlook
In the FOREVER SPORT division,  our commitment to sport and
athletes is total.  We are concentrated on performance and creating products that help athletes achieve their peak performance. 
We are targeting solid single-digit annual sales growth in this
division.  In the medium term,  we anticipate that these products
will make up roughly two-thirds of the total adidas product
offering and will remain the foundation for the adidas brand
image. 

Strategy 
engineered
to perform 
17

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

18

adidas ORIGINAL

Today's consumers are seeking brands that are an extension
of their own personalities; that means brands they believe in. 
Consumers make purchase decisions based on the values
associated with various brands.  As a result,  our challenge is
to provide consumers with an adidas experience which reflects
their own lifestyles and values.  The Trefoil logo,  which will appear
on ORIGINAL products,  embodies genuine,  trustworthyhonest and real values.  Interestingly,  the logo has been
adopted by underground consumer groups as a mark
of authenticity and street style,  while it has at the same
time remained relevant to soccer fans and adidas'
traditional sports base.  The ORIGINAL product offering
therefore provides adidas with a clear opportunity to
capitalize on the universal appeal and relevance of the Trefoil
logo and the adidas brand heritage. 
For the first time,  a global apparel and accessories range will be
offered to complement our strong success in footwear.  Furthera targeted global advertising campaign and communications
package will tell the authentic and exciting ORIGINAL story. 
Once Innovative,  Now Classic,  Always Authentic
The legacy of Adi Dassler,  his love of sports and his respect
for all athletes are the foundation of adidas' positioning in the
global marketplace.  We have a rich sports heritage,  based 
on our unique performance history that far exceeds that of any
of our competitors.  Jesse Owens,  Muhammad Ali and Franz
Beckenbauer all made history in adidas products.  The Stan
Smith tennis shoe and the Marathon Trainer were unquestionably the leading performance products of their days.  And that
identity still resonates with consumers today. 
The strength of these innovations and the timelessness of
their design have given Originals a unique and almost
mythical ability to transcend the lines ordinarily drawn
between consumer groups.  The adidas ORIGINAL
division will extend that strength to apparel,  drawing
on our deep sports heritage to introduce a line of
inspirational sportswear that addresses the needs and
values of the modern lifestyle consumer. 
ORIGINAL Consumers
For the Fall/Winter 2001 launch of the ORIGINAL division,  the
primary target will be style-setting and style-leading consumers. 
These groups set the trends which are later picked up by the
mass market.  Product offerings,  particularly at the high endwill be available in limited quantities and via a targeted distribution network.  The demand created through this strategy will
ultimately create a larger volume opportunity at mainstream
distribution outlets in subsequent seasons. 

Strategy 
19

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Product Direction
The Fall/Winter 2001 apparel offering is a collection of individual
items rather than matching outfits.  An overall feeling of craftsmanship will be central,  with strong attention to detail,  fabrics
and patterns.  Products will be sold as packages with frequent
roll-out dates to keep the range fresh at retail.  Both footwear
and apparel offerings will consist of products which are strategically priced,  based on distribution and consumer targets. 

once innovativenow classicalways authentic 
Distribution
Our distribution strategy for 2001 will focus on trend and lifestyle stores in major markets in Europe,  the United States and
Japan.  About 100 trend shops in major metropolitan areas will
carry limited-edition,  premium-priced products.  Lifestyle shopswhich represent a mixture of sport,  fashion/denim,  and highend department stores will sell the other product offerings. 
Additional countries and a wider distribution will follow in 2002. 
Outlook
The ORIGINAL division will utilize our competence in sport to
extend our lifestyle offering.  We will emphasize our unique
tradition as the world's oldest and most authentic major sports
brand to create up-to-date products for today's consumer.  New
apparel and accessories will augment our already successful
footwear line.  As a result,  the ORIGINAL division will grow sales
at double-digit rates in 2001 and beyond and will contribute
25 to 30% of our sales in the medium term. 

20

adidas EQUIPMENT

adidas has always brought innovation to sport and has delivered superior products to our consumers by listening and
responding to their needs.  As the industry developed,  adidas
often broke the rules of what was the industry norm,  setting
new standards for competitors to follow.  This brand strategy
required courage to be a leader and not a follower. 
As the borders between fashion and style continue to disappearit is now time to be a trailblazer again.  It is time to innovate and
create a concept that has its roots in sports performance but
combines this with a more forward-thinking design direction. 
Function and style will be combined to create top-quality products.  Conventions will be challenged.  EQUIPMENT will give
adidas new image dimensions,  and push the brand into a new
premium segment. 
Consumer
There are some things that do not change in the sporting
goods industry.  Consumers are still impressed and influenced
by what elite or professional athletes do and wear.  At the same
time,  athletes have become more stylish and that influence is
affecting our consumer base. 

These types of consumers extend beyond teenage groups,  where
the adidas brand is already well known,  to the 25- to 40-year-old
working professionals who also understand and love sport. 
This is a group that we will target directly for the first time with
EQUIPMENT.  In addition to sport,  this more mature group has a
continuing and growing interest in music,  fashion and even
design.  Their lifestyles are sophisticated and demanding.  Theyin turn,  demand more in terms of performance and aesthetics
than other consumers from sporting footwear and apparel.  They
expect outstanding product quality.  For this reason premium
brands are highly relevant to these consumers.  These consumers care about health and fitness.  They are well educated. 
They enjoy traveling.  And they have high disposable incomeswhich enable them to purchase exactly the same products and
brands that are utilized successfully by top athletes. 
Product
The starting point of EQUIPMENT will be footwear.  The task is
to challenge the conventions of the sporting goods industry
while,  at the same time,  meeting consumer needs.  Products
will be multi-functional so they can be used for more than one
specific sport.  We will achieve this through newly developed
lasts and other product construction details.  Aesthetic needs
will be met through a timeless design that focuses on detail and
unique color schemes. 

Strategy 
21

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

EQUIPMENT apparel will follow the same direction and standards that footwear establishes.  Apparel will address both the
functional and aesthetic needs of the consumer.  As in footwearthese products will not compromise in any way on performance
or quality.  The fabric mix,  new cuts and construction details will
be top of the line.  Design direction and color approaches will
be developed in line with footwear in order to best coordinate
product offerings. 
Together,  EQUIPMENT footwear and apparel will give the retailer
products that are new,  different and at the same time functional. 
Additional products will be added to the range in later seasons. 
Distribution
EQUIPMENT will work with premium retailers who understand
its concept and are committed to giving it the time and space
it will require.  Time is needed because we are building a new
segment from scratch.  A pre-condition for all retail partners
will be significant consumer traffic from our target groups. 
These stores may or may not be within our current distribution
channels. 
EQUIPMENT will not be an item business.  All retailers will
display and sell EQUIPMENT only as complete product
packages.  We will utilize a selective and limited sales approach
to stimulate demand,  which will be the basis for future growth. 

simply unexpected 
Outlook
Building our overall brand image and our standing in the
premium-priced footwear and apparel categories are the
primary goals of the EQUIPMENT division.  We believe this will
extend our platform for the future growth of all categories. 
In terms of revenue,  we intend to grow the business at
double-digit rates. 

22

Salomon and Mavic 
Salomon
As we mentioned earlier,  the consumer of today is changing. 
New sports have emerged which hardly existed 10 years ago. 
Salomon's goal is to provide cutting-edge products for 'Freedom
Action Sports" enthusiasts around the world.  Freedom Action
Sports is our name for the individual,   no-rules" sports that are
based on unrestricted sensation,  style and adventure.  Founded
in 1950 as a ski brand,  Salomon has evolved as the marketplace has changed.  In the 1990s,  it extended this definition to
include all mountain sports.  Salomon is now the undisputed
leader in winter sports.  And,  in the last four years,  it redefined
itself again as The Freedom Action Sports brand,  and is now a
market leader in hiking,  snowboarding and inline skates. 
Salomon Consumers and Products
Our goal is to be inspirational to young consumers.  Our focus
is clearly on consumers who are inspired by a multi-sport
environment,  lifestyle and new media. 

Salomon Communication
The basis of our communication is through the performance
of world-class athletes.  Our products are endorsed by male
and female world champions in every sport in which we sell
products.  This was clearly demonstrated at the 2001 skiing
World Championships in Austria where Salomon was the top
performance supplier,  capturing three gold,  three silver and
two bronze medals. 
Our communication also includes support for the evolution of
all sports in which we are involved.  As an example,  three years
ago we launched the X-Adventure event,  innovative in the sense
that it mixed a variety of outdoor sports in a unique way.  This
event was so successful that it has now become the World
Cup of adventure racing. 

Our market position and credibility begins with hardware. 
Continuous innovation and a commitment to performance
products are essential.  When we have been successful hereSalomon then expands its category growth into footwear and
apparel.  In 2001,  we will introduce our first apparel collection. 
This will allow us to leverage many of the strengths of the adidas-Salomon Group. 

Another exciting initiative is the rapid development of Salomon
stations,  which showcase our products and provide a full
sports experience to Freedom Action Sports enthusiasts.  We
now have more than 20 Salomon stations around the world
and we will continue to expand the concept.  We also recently
created a new event called the Snow Games which we plan
to expand significantly.  In order to maximize the impact of all
these grass roots activities,  we strive for strong involvement in
image development with top film production,  television and
video games partners. 

Other important new categories to be developed at Salomon
are surfing and skateboarding.  These are two markets with
huge impact on youth today and our opportunities here are
significant. 

And lastly,  we seek to integrate our web sites,  Salomon stations
and grass roots activities in a complete package offering our
customers the kind of information,  experience and service they
expect. 

Strategy 
Mavic
Mavic is both the reference and leading brand when it comes to
high-end rims and wheels for mountain and road racing bikes. 
Mavic strategy in the recent years has been to move its product offering from rims to complete wheels.  This strategy proved
to be successful,  with key products such as the Ksyrium SSC
road wheel and the Cross-Max mountain bike wheel clearly
leading the market.  We are now extending this strategy further
to include wheel offerings at mid-range price points,  thus
attracting leisure cyclists in addition to our already strong base
of performance cyclists. 
In addition to this product extension,  Mavic is utilizing its close
relationship with Salomon to make its production and design
capacities more efficient.  We are currently in the process of
moving a significant portion of Mavic production to Romania
where Salomon already has established production facilities.  In
addition,  Mavic development teams will be moving to Salomon
headquarters in France in 2001.  Together,  these moves will
enable Mavic to benefit from all possible synergies with Salomon
in terms of product design,  development and marketing. 
Salomon and Mavic Outlook
Salomon is the brand in our portfolio with the strongest potential for extension into fast-growing new sports categories.  Two
examples where we will expand in the near future include skateboarding and water sports.  As a result of our strong commitment
to innovation,  a new,  more marketing-oriented approach to the
market and promising products in the pipeline,  we are confident
that Salomon sales will grow at double-digit rates going forward. 
As a result of its integration into the Salomon organization and
its product extension,  Mavic will also develop positively. 

23

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

24

TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
TayorMade-adidas Golf
TaylorMade-adidas Golf offers a full range of golf hardwarefootwear,  apparel and accessories.  These products are offered
under uniquely positioned and segmented brands to maximize
our appeal to varying consumer groups.  All TaylorMade-adidas
Golf product lines are high-end,  technologically advanced
products that provide golfers of all abilities with performance
advantages. 
TaylorMade revolutionized the golfing world more than two
decades ago by popularizing the metalwood with its industryunique Pittsburgh PersimmonTM.  And in the mid-1990s,  the
company again shook up the industry,  changing the way consumers and pros looked at shafts with the introduction of
the BubbleTM. 
In 2000,  the brand continued to be a hardware pioneer with its
300 SeriesTM driver,  disdaining the industry's 'one-size-fits-all"
philosophy and offering not one but three different titanium
drivers in the same model.  Each is designed for different swing
characteristics and trajectory needs.  The clubs have already
helped produce big wins for the best players in the world. 
Reclaiming Metalwood Market Leadership
TaylorMade pioneered the metalwood concept in 1979.  This
will be the force behind reclaiming hardware leadership for all 
product categories in the next few years.  The product line that
will do this is the 300 SeriesTM metalwoods.  Already winning
over consumers at retail,  the 300 SeriesTM will serve as a strong
platform to grow the company's market position in the iron category.  This is a category we will further develop and expand. 
Becoming Number One on Tour Worldwide
From January 2000 to January 2001,  TaylorMade's 300 SeriesTM
driver was the number one driver on the PGA Tour (Darrell
Survey).  With 27 wins worldwide and 57 top ten finishes on the
PGA,  the club was also at the top of the European PGA Tour
list,  often doubling its closest competition,  based on number of
players who use the product. 
With notable stars such as European PGA Tour star Ernie ElsTom Lehman and Senior PGA Tour Player of the Year (2000)
Larry Nelson using our clubs,  TaylorMade is gaining visibility
with top players around the world.  Sergio Garcia is also an
important promotional partner for adidas Golf,  projecting youth
and new conventions. 
With innovative technology and people to support this industryunique product,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf is well on its way to
becoming the number one golf company in the world for both
tour professionals and core golfers. 

Becoming One of the Top-Selling Footwear Brands
in Golf
adidas Golf footwear has been hugely successful,  doubling
its sales in 2000 and looking to repeat this in 2001.  The brand
is one of the most popular in Europe,  and is taking considerable steps towards market leadership in the United States and
Japan. 
Much of this success can be attributed to a combination of
adidas' heritage and new technology.  The TraxionTM technology
has been a key factor in improving both the brand's image and
sales in the golf market.  TraxionTM technology is being utilized
for a wide variety of products,  which fit with TaylorMade-adidas
Golf's focus on authentic golfers.  One example is the Tour
TraxionTM,  which is our best-selling golf shoe of all time. 

Strategy 
25

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Reaching Authentic Golfers with Grassroots Marketing
Efforts and Technical Innovation
TaylorMade-adidas Golf is introducing some new marketing
tools to capture attention and gain sales amongst our core
audience in a true one-on-one way. 

Through vigorous research and testing,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf
will continue to develop new products that will shape the way
golf is played for the next generation of golfers.  In addition to
our strong innovation track record,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf also
has the industry's leading team of development experts. 

Investing in on-course educational programs,  TaylorMade will
give each of its nearly 4000 major green grass accounts fitting
carts for both woods and irons,  ensuring the golfer of a 'test
drive" before purchase.  The number of accounts in this channel
increased 15% for the Group in 2000 and growth is expected
to continue with the utilization of innovative programs such as
this one.  TaylorMade is also increasing its internet activities to
create an interactive relationship between the brand and consumers.  Together with car manufacturer BMW,  TaylorMade is
embarking on a series of golf club trials in United States cities
with the largest number of low-handicap golfers. 

Outlook
TaylorMade-adidas Golf has repositioned itself to become the
leading golf brand in the world.  This will mean double-digit
sales growth for the brands going forward and an increased
emphasis on the premium player. 

26

Supply Chain Management 
Crafting a World-Class Supply Chain
 more aggressive and competitive marketing strategy will
mean that global supply chain management is even more critical
for the Group's success.  At adidas-Salomon the supply chain
encompasses the community of people and the associated processes that enable the Group to design,  develop,  manufacturesell and deliver products.  It includes adidas-Salomon employees,  retailers,  contract manufacturers,  raw material suppliersfreight consolidators,  ocean/air transport companies and others
responsible for getting our products to the point of sale. 

Rather than optimizing a single process or segment of the supply chain,  we are targeting improvements throughout the entire
supply chain.  A shorter product development process will allow
us to create products best aligned with current market needs
and expectations.  Quicker procurement will help us to improve
customer service in terms of faster time to market and competitiveness.  In this way,  inefficiencies will be reduced,  quality
improved,  and costs minimized.  Shortening our supply chain
timelines also has the potential to impact our cash flow,  inventories and overall sales figures. 

The global supply chain strategy at adidas-Salomon targets
timeline improvements in product development and procurement to produce optimal effects in terms of costs and quality. 
There are two major links in our global supply chain.  Product
development describes the adidas-Salomon activities from
the initial product concept to product offering.  Following this
process is procurement,  which includes ordering,  producing
and delivering products to retail. 

For us,  excellence in supply chain management means more
than just higher efficiency.  It also means a close synchronization
of the supply chain with sales and marketing strategies and
strong alliances with all partners across the entire supply chain. 
Investments in personnel and technology are indispensable in
supporting our ambitions.  To obtain the benefits in time,  costand quality,  we are planning investments of c 150 million over
the next three years. 

An example of this alignment is how we deliver customized
footwear for the individual soccer enthusiast.  Through footscanning technology,  web-enabled software applicationsredefined raw material procurement methods,  state-of-the-art
manufacturing processes and a new logistics partnership,  we
are able to deliver style and performance-enhanced shoes
within 14 days of order.  Although this is a limited-volume
project,  it shows the kind of innovation we are capable of
bringing to the market through supply chain improvements. 
The global nature of our business means that our supply
chain must have the flexibility to support a wide array of globalregional and national service requirements.  Our markets vary
dramatically and,  in many cases,  require tailored solutions.  To
meet individualized market needs,  solid partners with financial
strength,  global presence and social values are prerequisites
to participation.  As our supply chain becomes more flexible
and sophisticated,  the requirements on our partners within
the supply network increase.  Cooperative planning,  real-time 
Strategy 
exchange of information and commitment to high service levels
are essential for each supply chain partner.  To this end,  we
are constantly re-evaluating our operational partnerships,  including our raw material suppliers,  manufacturers and logistics
providers.  We also plan to enhance our partnerships with key
retailers to ensure the supply chain is optimized from end-toend,  from raw material supplier to retailer. 
Cutting-edge supply chain management technology is another
area of major improvement.  We are employing enhanced communication capabilities including sophisticated IT systems and
web-based B2B solutions.  A new information system to
support product creation is being developed.  This system provides real-time,  web-enabled communication of critical designdevelopment,  production and sales data to all partners in the
supply chain.  We are also making important improvements to
the information infrastructure,  which supports information visibility across the supply chain.  This includes the implementation
of supply chain planning software. 
We have translated these strategic goals into specific performance targets:
Ⅲ Eliminate ten weeks from the product development and
four weeks from the procurement cycle in 2001 (20% lead
time reduction versus the 2000 cycle). 
Ⅲ Reduce our time from product concept to retail delivery from
the current 18 months to less than nine months over the next
three years (50% lead time reduction versus the 2000 cycle). 

These targets will be reached through the implementation of
lean manufacturing principles and the enhancement of special
labeling and retail floor-ready merchandise.  Our efforts,  however,  stretch far beyond footwear.  In apparel for example,  we
have just completed the integration of operational activities of
all Group brands. 
We have embarked on an ambitious supplier consolidation plan
reducing the manufacturing base by over 25% in 2001 and our
medium-term goal is to reduce our supplier base by 40%.  The
consolidation of supply chain partners is also an important step
in order to increase our influence and bargaining power with
suppliers in the future. 
Resources have recently been added to our global supply team
to expand the auto-replenishment programs already in place. 
This will rapidly help to align the supply chain process with our
footwear activities. 
As we move forward,  we will initiate new projects in the areas
of common transportation partners,  trade exchanges and
implementation of a more frequent ordering process.  Over the
next three years,  investments in product creation support
systems will allow adidas-Salomon to be closer to the marketcreating superior products in less than half the time that it
takes today. 

27

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

28

Management Discussion & Analysis 
adidas-Salomon
adidas-Salomon consolidated net sales increased by 9%
in 2000 to g 58 billion.  The gross margin was maintained
at an industry-leading 433% despite currency pressure. 
adidas-Salomon's income before taxes was g 347 milliondown 13% over last year.  This decline was largely a result
of increased operating expenses,  which were up 12% to
 21 billion.  Drivers of the higher operating expenses
were the Growth and Efficiency Program,  as well as
higher marketing spend for the Summer Olympic Games
in Sydney and the EURO 2000TM soccer championships. 
 higher tax rate and increased minority interests pushed
net income down to g 182 million or g 401 per share.  This
result is in line with the expectations that the Group first
communicated in January 2000. 
Economic Climate Develops Negatively
In 2000,  negative development characterized many important
markets.  International stock exchanges had their worst year in
over a decade,  the US economy began to slow and retail
stagnated in Germany.  Latest economic data suggests that
corporate profits in Europe started to slow in the second
quarter of last year.  Japanese consumption fell and political
pressure continued in the Middle East and Asia. 
Sporting Goods Sector Trends are Mixed
Development of the world's sporting goods markets in 2000
was mixed.  In Asia and Latin America,  markets began to recover
overall after several turbulent years.  In Europe,  solid growth
was achieved by most sports companies.  In North America
retail space continued its consolidation trend of the last yearushering in positive improvements and a cautiously optimistic
outlook as the year closed. 
In all major markets,  however,  competition from non-industry
players increased in 2000.  New sports-oriented offerings
from fashion houses,  vertical suppliers and athletic specialty
retailers' own private labels competed head-to-head with our
products.  Additionally,  expenditures for consumer electronics
and telecommunications increased as a percentage of
disposable income,  putting further pressure on the industry. 

Net Sales by Region
(euros in millions)

Europe
North America
Asia
Latin America
Total*

Sales
2860
1906
875
171
5835

 of Total
49
33
15

100

* Difference in total due to HQ/Consolidation 
Net Sales by Brand
(in %)

Sales Reach Record Level of g 58 billion
Consolidated net sales for the Group reached c 58 billion in
2000,  the highest level in the Group's history.  This 9% yearover-year improvement is the result of higher sales figures in
all brands and regions with the exception of adidas in North
America.  In particular,  adidas in Latin America and Asia delivered
very strong improvements,  with sales increases of 34% and
29% respectively.  The other brands also developed positively. 
Salomon sales were up 19% and TaylorMade-adidas Golf made
big gains with an increase in sales of 35% over last year.  Mavic
sales increased 25%.  Currency-neutral,  the overall development improved only slightly over last year. 
Licensee Sales Increase
Net licensee sales increased in 2000,  up 28% year-over-year to
 616 million.  This improvement was due to increased sales by
product licensees in Asia and Europe,  showing the strength of
the adidas brand name. 

Mavic 1
TaylorMade-adidas Golf 8
Salomon 11
adidas 80

Net Sales by Brand and Region
North
Europe America
adidas

(1)
Salomon
17
18
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
14
28
Mavic
22
36
Total

4
(growth year-over-year in %)

Latin
Asia America
29
34
21
n/a
97
–
34
–
32
36

Management Discussion & Analysis 
Footwear Division Sales Improve 13%
Net sales of footwear within the adidas-Salomon Group reached
 25 billion,  up a strong c 283 million or 13% on the previous
year.  The contribution of the footwear division to total net sales
of the Group increased by 10 percentage points to 43%.  This
confirms the strength of footwear in our business. 

In Asia,  sales grew 32%.  Continued growth at adidas Japanin its first full year of sales,  was the largest component of this
growth.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf was also extremely successful
in the region,  with sales up 97% as a result of continued growth
in Japan and the introduction of TaylorMade brand products in
Korea.  All brands achieved more than 20% growth in the region. 

29

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Net Sales by Division
(in %)

Hardware 20

Footwear 43

Apparel Sales Decline Slightly
Apparel sales,  in contrast,  were impacted by changing consumer preferences and new competitors.  Total apparel sales
reached c 22 billion,  which represents a decrease of 1% compared to 1999.  Apparel contributed 37% of total Group sales
in 2000,  down 40 percentage points from the previous year. 
Hardware Sales Top g 1 billion
Sales in the hardware division,  which come primarily from the
Salomon and TaylorMade brands,  recorded strong growth,  up
23% to c 11 billion.  This represents the first time our sales
have passed the c 1 billion mark in this division and confirms
our position as the leading supplier of sporting hardware products,  as measured by total net sales.  Hardware sales now
contribute 20% of total Group sales. 
Emerging Markets in Latin America and Asia
Achieve Highest Growth Rates
In terms of regional performance,  Latin America delivered
the highest growth rate in 2000.  The increase of 36% to
 171 million was driven primarily by outstanding performance
by brand adidas in Brazil,  Colombia and Argentina.  The
Salomon,  TaylorMade and Mavic brands had only a minimal
presence in Latin America. 

In Europe,  sales increased 5% and were therefore at the top
end of Management's expectations for the year.  Brand adidas
grew 3%,  primarily as a result of strong performance in FranceItaly,  Spain,  Austria and Switzerland.  The Salomon,  TaylorMade
and Mavic brands performed solidly in Europe.  TaylorMadeadidas Golf profited from positive overall market developmentincreasing sales by 14%.  Salomon achieved excellent growth
rates with both summer and winter products,  recording a 17%
increase in sales for the full year.  And Mavic sales increased
22% following the successful introduction of their new wheel
component. 
In North America,  sales increased 4%.  While adidas declined
1% as new product collections received mixed results,  the
other brands all grew significantly.  Salomon sales were up 18%
as a result of improved winter sales and an excellent outdoor
footwear offering.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf recorded a 28%
increase in sales on the back of strong product innovations. 
Without the positive currency effects,  however,  overall development in the region would have been negative. 

Apparel 37

adidas-Salomon Footwear Sales by Region
(euros in millions)
Sales
Europe
1096
North America
954
Asia
333
Latin America
120
Total*
2515

 of Total
44
38
13

100

* Difference in total due to HQ/Consolidation 
adidas-Salomon Apparel Sales by Region
(euros in millions)
Sales
Europe
1293
North America
527
Asia
312
Latin America
41
Total*
2175
* Difference in total due to HQ/Consolidation 
 of Total
59
24
14

100

30

Gross Profit
(euros in millions)

2000
1999
1998
1997
1996


500

1000

1500

2000

2500

3000

Gross Profit by Brand
2000
1907
276
221
20
2528

(euros in millions)

adidas
Salomon
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
Mavic
Total*

 of Total
75
11

1
100

* Difference in total due to HQ/Consolidation 
(in %)

2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
10

These currency effects were compensated for by an increasing
percentage of higher-margin own-retail sales and an improved
product mix at brand adidas.  Salomon contributed a significantly
higher margin as a result of new high-technology products
and improved production efficiencies.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf
increased its already very high margin with the successful marketing of new product introductions.  Higher sales at adidas Japanwhich achieved an above-average margin,  also contributed. 
Operating Profit Impacted by Growth and
Efficiency Program
Operating profit declined by 9% to c 437 million in 2000. 
This mirrored the adidas brand operating profit developmentwhich also declined 9%.  Salomon and TaylorMade-adidas Golf
delivered strong improvements,  up 82% and 46% respectively. 
Detailed information on sales and operational performance of
the individual brands is presented in the segmental reporting. 

Gross Margin 


Gross Margin Maintained at 433% Despite Currency
Pressure
The gross margin for the Group was maintained at an industryleading 433%,  despite the negative effects of a strong US
dollar.  This was above the target range of 41 to 43%,  which
Management had communicated as an ongoing target for the
Group.  As a result,  gross profit increased 7% to c 25 billionnearly matching sales growth,  despite increasing product
purchase prices due to currency effects. 

20

30

40

50

60

Operating expenses,  which comprise selling,  general and administrative expenses (SG&A) and depreciation and amortization
(excluding goodwill),  increased by a total of 12% to c 21 billion
in 2000.  As a percentage of net sales,  this represents an increase
of 09 percentage points to 358%.  Drivers of this increase
included spending associated with the Growth and Efficiency
Program as well as increased marketing spend for major
sporting events in 2000. 
The Growth and Efficiency Program,  which streamlined our
organization,  was completed within the targeted spending
of approximately c 38 million.  Advertising and promotional
expenses represented 137% of net sales (compared to 135%
in 1999).  Marketing and promotion costs associated with the
Summer Olympics in Sydney and the EURO 2000TM soccer
championships were the biggest expenditures.  Currency also
played a negative role in the development as expenses in US
dollar-denominated contracts increased due to the continued
weakening of the euro throughout the year. 
Amortization of Goodwill Unchanged
Amortization of the goodwill relating to the acquisition of the
Salomon group remained unchanged at c 29 million,  thus
representing the largest part of goodwill amortization,  which
totaled c 40 million. 

Management Discussion & Analysis 
Royalty and Commission Income Increases
Royalty and commission income increased by 24% to c 43 million. 
The main driver of this development was a significant increase
in sales by our licensees in Europe and Asia. 
Financial Result Deteriorates
The financial result in 2000 declined 12% to negative c 94 millionprimarily due to increased interest expenses,  driven by higher
interest rates. 
Extraordinary Income Neutral to Results
In 2000,  extraordinary income was recorded at a level of
 03 million.  This was the result of exercised stock optionswhich were granted in the Special Reward and Incentive Plan
(SRIP).  These options are exercisable until June 30,  2001 and
are neutral to the results as the resulting expenses of the same
amount are included in the SG&A expenses. 

Net Income in Line with Expectations
Net income for the Group decreased 20% to c 182 million. 
 higher tax rate and higher minority interests were the drivers
of this decrease.  The increase in the tax rate by 19 percentage
points was mainly due to two factors: the constant and nontax-deductible goodwill amortization in connection with a lower
income before taxes and foreign withholding tax charges. 
Minority interests increased as a result of better performance by
our joint ventures. 
Earnings per share in 2000 were c 401,  representing a yearover-year decrease of 20%.  This result is exactly in line with
the expectations that the Group has communicated since
January 2000. 

31

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Operating Profit
(euros in millions)

2000
1999
1998
1997
1996


100

200

300

400

500

600

Operating Profit by Brand
2000
391
57
44

437

(euros in millions)

adidas
Salomon
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
Mavic
Total*

 of Total
89
13
10

100

* Difference in total due to HQ/Consolidation 
Income Before Taxes Decreases
In 2000,  adidas-Salomon's income before taxes was
 347 million,  down 13% over last year.  The decrease was
 result of the lower operating profit and financial result. 
This decline is in line with the expectations that the Group
communicated throughout the year. 

Royalty and Commission Income
(euros in millions)

2000
1999
1998
1997
1996


10

20

30

40

50

60

32

Equity Ratio
(in % of Total Assets)

2000
1999
1998
1997
1996


10

20

30

40

Capital Expenditure Development*
(euros in millions)

2000
1999

Total Assets Increase,  Equity Ratio Improves
Total assets of the adidas-Salomon Group in 2000 increased by
 431 million or 12%.  Inventories showed an over-proportional
increase of 24%.  This growth was the result of two main
factors: higher back orders at Salomon and TaylorMadeadidas Golf as well as our pull-forward efforts to ensure on-time
delivery of adidas products,  mainly in Europe.  Retail expansion
and increased re-order business also played a role for brand
adidas.  Important to note,  however,  is that the structure of our
inventories improved in 2000.  Aging was better,  due partly to a
higher proportion of goods in transit.  As a result,  provisioning
against obsolete inventory also declined. 
Year-end trade receivables in 2000 were up 10% compared to
the prior year.  This improvement was well below the 17% yearover-year increase for the fourth quarter.  All brands contributed
to this positive development. 

1998
1997
1996


20

40

60

80

100

* Comprises property,  plant and equipment expenditures 
120

The equity base was further strengthened in 2000.  Equity rose
20% to c 815 million as the major share of net income was
retained within the Group and was thus used to strengthen the
equity base.  The equity ratio rose by 13 percentage points to
203%.  Financial leverage,  the ratio of net borrowings to equitydecreased 140 percentage points to 220%. 
Investments Increase
Investments in property,  plant and equipment within the Group
totaled c 125 million,  up 23% versus the previous year.  The
renovation and expansion of adidas America's new headquarter
facilities cost c 25 million in 2000.  Other major capital expenditure projects included supply chain improvements,  IT infrastructure,  own-retail expansion and further improvements to the
corporate headquarters in Herzogenaurach,  Germany. 

Financing Instruments Optimized
Net borrowings peaked in August,  in line with usual annual
patterns,  at above c 19 billion,  and declined steadily during
the last four months of the year.  As a result,  net borrowings
were c 18 billion at year-end.  Credit lines and other financing
arrangements,  which were available for borrowings,  amounted
to approximately c 36 billion at the end of the year,  of which
 16 billion were longer-term maturities.  The Group's strategy
is to gradually reduce its dependence on bank financing and
to extend maturities in its longer-term funding arrangements. 
In January 2000,  the Group introduced a second Commercial
Paper Program,  in Germany,  for an amount of c 750 million. 
The program performed successfully throughout the year and
grew from four initial dealing banks to the current six participating institutions.  The maturity of the existing medium-term credit
line agreements was extended from 2003 to 2004.  To strengthen
the longer-term component in our financing arrangements,  the
Group negotiated additional longer-term financing in the form of
Private Placements for the amount of c 91 million,  with maturities of five and six years. 
In its financing,  the Group continued to concentrate on shortterm borrowings,  taking advantage of the generally lower
short-term interest rates.  As protection against the risk of rising
interest rates,  adidas-Salomon utilizes longer-dated interest
rate caps.  Primarily as a replacement for expiring caps,  new
caps valued at approximately c 600 million were arranged in
2000.  More than 70% of the outstanding caps will expire
beyond 2002,  with a concentration in 2006.  88% of the outstanding caps protect borrowings in euros and US dollars. 
The average protected interest rate of all outstanding caps is
65%.  In 2001,  borrowings are protected at 575%. 

Management Discussion & Analysis 
Currency Risk Managed Successfully
The Group's hedging policy is determined by its Treasury Committee,  which consists of members of the Executive Board of
adidas-Salomon AG,  whereas management of the brands and
regions is involved in day-to-day hedging decisions.  Currency
developments for the Group in 2000 were largely negative. 
The US dollar-euro relationship is the most important single
currency relationship for the Group due to the high share of
product purchases in the Far East,  which are denominated in
US dollars.  In 2000,  the Group had to buy more than $14 billion
versus other currencies.  European currencies accounted for
75% of this amount.  The euro alone accounted for 44% of the
US dollar purchases.  The euro was under downward pressure
for most of the year,  falling at one point to a rate below c 083
to the US dollar.  The average US dollar-euro exchange rate was
092 in 2000,  compared to 107 in 1999.  adidas-Salomon's
actual conversion rate before option premium incurred was
098 in 2000 versus 114 in 1999.  Though the Group's actual
US dollar-euro conversion rate was well ahead of the average
market rate in both years,  the 098 rate for 2000 meant that,  on
average,  the Group spent 19% more euro for every US dollar
which was purchased in 2000 versus 1999.  Strong product
and marketing management was able to compensate for this
effect,  as evidenced by the stability in the gross margin. 

Preparing for IAS 39
Starting in January 2001,  adidas-Salomon's accounting and
reporting for financial instruments is obliged to comply with the
new International Accounting Standard 39 (IAS 39) 'Financial
Instruments: Recognition and Measurement".  IAS 39 requires
the presentation of all financial instruments at their fair value in
the balance sheet.  At the same time,  rules for hedge accounting have been tightened.  Under previous accounting and
disclosure rules,  the gains and losses resulting from hedging
positions to protect anticipated future transactions could be
deferred until the due date of the hedged transactions. 
Under IAS 39,  hedge accounting for financial instruments which
cover anticipated future commercial transactions is still allowed
for hedging with forward contracts when certain conditions
('hedge effectiveness test") are met.  IAS 39 permits limited
hedge accounting when currency options are 'in-the-money". 
No hedge accounting is allowed when options are 'out-of-themoney".  To limit option premium payments,  adidas-Salomon
has only engaged in currency options which,  at the time of their
purchase,  were 'out-of-the-money". 

33

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Relative Composition of Net Borrowings
(in %)

12/00

12/99



20

40

60

80

100

Bank Borrowings
Commercial Paper
Private Placements 
Average euro/US dollar Rate
(US dollar per euro,  monthly averages)

120
110
100
090
080

Changeover to Euro on Track
Preparations among Group companies for changing financial
and accounting systems to the euro currency are running
according to plan.  Most organizations will convert systems
during the first half of 2001.  All figures in this annual report
are stated in euros for the first time,  being converted at
official rates. 
Also on schedule,  in accordance with initial planning and
based on customer requests,  pricing will be changed to the
euro currency starting with deliveries for the Spring/Summer
2002 season. 

Jan 1999

Jun 1999

Dec 1999

Jun 2000

Dec 2000

34

adidas
Sales of the adidas brand increased 6% in 2000.  All
regions reported improvements with the exception of
North America,  which declined slightly.  The operating
profit was negatively impacted by currency effects,  the
Growth and Efficiency Program and additional marketing
expenses associated with the Summer Olympic Games
and the EURO 2000TM soccer championships.  For 2001sales are expected to increase in Europe,  Asia and Latin
America.  In North America,  backlogs are expected to
begin to improve in the second half of the year. 
Net Sales Surpass g 45 billion for the First Time
In 2000,  adidas net sales increased by 6% to c 47 billion. 
Growth came from all regions except North America.  Currency
effects played a role in this development.  Footwear was the
most important driver of sales growth,  with sales up 12% to
 24 billion.  Strongest growth came from the basketball and
adventure categories,  which each increased more than 50%. 
Hardware sales outpaced total brand sales with an increase
of 18% to c 173 million.  Sales of apparel declined 2% to
 21 billion despite strong growth in the adventure,  running
and snowboard categories. 
The gross margin of the adidas brand declined by 03 percentage points to 408%.  Despite increased own-retail activities and
lower clearance sales at higher margins,  currency pressure and
the difficult retail environment in the United States pushed
down the brand margin. 
Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased
by 10 percentage points to 324%.  As a result,  operating profit
decreased by 9% to c 391 million. 

Sales for adidas in Europe Grow in 2000
In 2000,  sales increased 3% to c 24 billion for brand adidas
in Europe.  This was the highest sales result ever in the region. 
Major sports events,  including the EURO 2000TM soccer
championships and the Summer Olympics had a positive
impact on sales figures. 

adidas at a Glance 
adidas achieved the highest growth in markets where the brand
enjoyed strong exposure as a result of the EURO 2000TM soccer
championships.  These were France,  whose national team won
the championships,  and Benelux,  who hosted the event. 
France was the main growth driver in the region,  with sales
up 17%.  Sales also developed particularly positively in BeneluxAustria,  Switzerland,  Spain and Italy.  Each of these markets
was helped by intensified key account activity.  In 2000,  a joint
venture in Finland with the former distributor commencedwhich generated new sales. 

* At year-end 
Sales declined in Germany,  the United Kingdom and Norway. 
In Germany and Norway,  the declines were the result of
depressed retail conditions that affected all consumer products
and brands in 2000.  In the United Kingdom,  adidas sales
declined as fashion-oriented apparel,  which makes up the
largest portion of our products there,  continued to be under
pressure. 

(in euros)

Net sales
Gross margin
Operating profit
Order backlogs*

2000
47bn
408%
391m 
Change year1999
over-year
44bn
6%
411%
(03pp)
431m
(9%)
1%

adidas Footwear Sales by Product
(in %)

Others 17
Tennis 8
Running 38
Training 11

Soccer 11

Basketball 15

adidas Apparel Sales by Product
(in %)
Others 11
Basketball 1

adidas now holds the market leadership position in many of
Europe's largest countries.  We are also the undisputed market
leader in Central and Eastern Europe. 
adidas Footwear and Hardware Increase in Europe
Footwear sales in 2000 were again up on the previous yearshowing an increase of 7%.  Growth was strongest in France
and Italy with improvements of 13% and 12% respectively. 

Running 2
Tennis 3
Soccer 15

Training 68

Management Discussion & Analysis 
Based on market research from Sports Tracking Europe,  the
adidas brand again increased its share of the total footwear
market in 2000 by about 10 percentage points to around 27%. 
Apparel sales for adidas in Europe were virtually flat at
 13 billion.  Although the market remains challenging as more
and more brands from the leisure and fashion sector enter the
market for sports-oriented customers,  order backlogs at the
end of the year,  however,  suggest the performance will improve
in 2001. 
Hardware sales in Europe increased 9% to c 117 million.  This
increase is typical for years with major sporting events such as
the EURO 2000TM soccer championships. 
Gross Margin Stable at adidas in Europe
The gross margin in Europe was 420%,  down only 01 percentage points versus 1999 despite strong currency pressure. 
This high level was maintained as the result of increased ownretail activities as well as lower clearance sales on products
with higher margins. 
Further Increase in European Sales Anticipated for 2001
Based on the 2000 year-end order situation,  which showed
 year-over-year improvement of 8%,  adidas anticipates
single-digit sales growth in Europe for 2001.  Order backlogs
indicate positive trends in most key countries,  led by the United
Kingdom,  Austria and Switzerland,  each with orders up over
15%.  Increased segmentation and customized offerings are
planned for retail,  as well as continued streamlining of organizational structures,  processes and systems. 

adidas Sales in North America Down Slightly in 2000
2000 sales in North America were c 14 billion,  down 1% compared to the prior year.  This decline,  however,  would have been
greater without positive currency effects.  The reasons for the
decline were both market and company related.  In 2000adidas was confronted with a difficult retail environment and
brand positioning challenges in North America.  The floor space
consolidation trend among retailers continued in 2000,  which
hampered demand for adidas and other sports products. 
While adidas believes this consolidation will continue in 2001the market appears much healthier than it was a year ago. 
Reaction to our 2000 collection was mixed,  which caused the
product to be less competitive in certain categories.  On the
positive side,  adidas own-retail sales increased 41% in 2000
as a result of new store openings. 
Footwear sales improved 8% to c 913 million in 2000,  despite
strong growth from niche brands.  While sales actually decreased
in currency-neutral terms,  the basketball,  kids,  adventure and
cleated categories developed strongly.  The negative impact
on sales in the North American markets came primarily from
apparel.  Textile sales declined by 14% to c 505 million,  reflecting the shift in consumer demand away from athletic apparel to
leisure and fashion-oriented brands.  Declines were experienced
in all areas except the performance categories for tennisrunning and swimming. 

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

adidas Sales by Region
(euros in millions)

Europe
North America
Asia
Latin America
Total*

2000
2427
1430
645
169
4672

1999
2353
1444
500
126
4427

Variance
in %

(1)
29
34


* Difference in total due to HQ/Consolidation 
adidas in Europe
2000
2427
420%

Change yearover-year
3%
(01pp)
8%

2000
1430
361%

Change yearover-year
(1%)
(25pp)
(12%)

(euros in millions)

Net sales
Gross margin
Order backlogs*
* At year-end 
adidas in North America
(euros in millions)

Net sales
Gross margin
Order backlogs*
* At year-end 
Gross Margin Declines in North America
The gross margin in North America fell 25 percentage points
versus 1999 to 361%.  This was a result of pricing pressures
from the market that could not be fully compensated for by
the positive impact from own-retail sales and better clearance
margins. 

35

36

adidas in Asia
(euros in millions)

Net sales
Gross margin
Order backlogs*

2000
645
462%

Change yearover-year
29%
13pp
13%

* At year-end 
adidas in Latin America
(euros in millions)

Net sales
Gross margin 
2000
169
420%

Change yearover-year
34%
20pp 
Recovery of adidas in North America Expected to Begin
in the Second Half of 2001
Based on the order situation,  sales in the first half of 2001 are
expected to remain on the decline.  While apparel is beginning
to stabilize,  demand for footwear is still suffering the effects of
the mixed resonance regarding the 2000 and 2001 collections. 
One important exception is basketball,  where the launch of the
new premium-priced shoe The KOBE has helped drive backlogs for the category up 35% versus the previous year. 
In the second half of the year 2001,  recovery is expected to
begin with our most important athletic specialty retailers. 
This will be supported by new product initiatives,  which target
trend-setting urban consumers. 
Sales Momentum Continues for adidas in Asia
The adidas brand in Asia delivered strong sales growth in 2000
with sales up 29% to c 645 million despite a difficult macroeconomic environment.  The largest driver of this increase was
sales improvements at adidas Japan.  This represents the
second consecutive year of strong growth for the region and
further underscores the sound decision to take control of the
sales and marketing activities and serve the Japanese market
directly.  In addition to this growth,  Indonesia,  China,  India and
Singapore all had sales improvements of at least 50%.  Thailand
recovered and Korea,  Taiwan,  Hong Kong and the Philippines
also delivered double-digit increases. 
The main growth driver for this region was footwear,  which grew
46% over the previous year.  Apparel grew by 16%,  although
strong competition from casual brands was evident. 

Gross Margin for adidas in Asia Improves
Gross margin for adidas in Asia improved by 13 percentage
points to 462% of net sales.  This rise was the result of
continued high margins at adidas Japan and increased ownretail activities. 
2001 Outlook for adidas in Asia is Promising
The Asian region will continue as a high growth region for
adidas in 2001.  Preparing for the 2002 Soccer World Cup in
Japan and Korea will be a major priority for the year.  This event
is an integral part of adidas' strategy to extend our leading global
position in soccer.  Other focal points of the 2001 strategy in
Asia will include positioning the brand to move into a leading
position in the running and basketball categories. 
Order backlog development suggests growth will continue in
2001.  Backlogs are up 13%,  which supports the anticipated
double-digit growth in the region. 
adidas in Latin America Records Strongest Sales Growth
Latin America showed the strongest sales growth for the
adidas brand.  The 34% increase to c 169 million was largely
driven by strong increases in Colombia,  Argentina,  Mexico and
Chile.  Sales in Brazil showed triple-digit growth rates throughout the second half of the year,  indicating a significant recovery
in the demographically strongest market within the region. 
Part of this increase was attributable to the incorporation of
formerly sub-licensed apparel sales.  On the regional level these
accounted for around 40 percentage points of the total 34%
increase over the year. 

Management Discussion & Analysis 
Major Improvements in All Product Divisions
in Latin America
adidas apparel sales in Latin America grew by 43% to
 41 million.  This was chiefly the result of the incorporation of
Brazilian sub-licensee sales.  Footwear sales were up 31% to
 119 million.  This is due to increased retail presence,  both at
adidas owned shops as well as those of third parties. 
adidas Gross Margin in Latin America at Record Level
The gross margin increased by 20 percentage points to reach
420%.  This is the highest gross margin ever achieved in the
region and was driven by increased own-retail sales and
reduced clearance sales. 
Outlook for adidas in Latin America is Positive
Initial orders and discussions with customers suggest 2001 will
again produce double-digit sales growth for adidas in Latin
America.  The main drivers of this growth will be improved brand
positioning in the major markets as well as increased own-retail
programs. 

37

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

38

Management Discussion & Analysis 
Salomon
2000 was another very successful year for the Salomon
brand.  Net sales grew 19%,  with consistently strong
growth in all the regions.  Salomon improved sales of
winter sports products by 19%,  proving that the product
innovations we introduced were positively accepted by
the market.  Sales growth of summer products was 20%. 
The operating result increased 82% to g 57 million.  Going
forward,  we anticipate double-digit sales growth for
Salomon and continued margin strength. 
Significant Improvements for Winter and
Summer Product Sales
Net sales for the Salomon brand increased by 19% from
 543 million in 1999 to c 648 million in 2000.  Sales in winter
sports increased by 19% to c 492 million,  confirming Salomon's
clear leadership in this market.  In the winter products,  the
strongest improvements were made in the alpine ski and snowboard categories.  Alpine ski equipment (skis,  bindings,  boots and
snowblades) grew 21%,  due largely to the success of several
high-end products such as the Pilot ski and the X-Wave ski boot. 
The 2000 snowboard range was also extremely well received. 
Summer products enjoyed another strong year,  increasing sales
20% to c 156 million.  Inline skate sales grew 19%,  despite the
1999 legal settlement in the United States which virtually took
our product off this market in 2000.  In 2001,  this line will be
back on the market with new products.  Salomon continues to
hold the number two position in the high-end segment of this
market globally.  As a result of this improvement and a healthy
20% increase in the outdoor footwear category,  summer products now comprise 24% of the total Salomon sales.  It is the
medium-term goal of Salomon to create a nearly equal split
between summer and winter products to balance the seasonality of the business. 

Strong Growth in All Regions
Net sales grew at 21% in Asia,  18% in North America and 17%
in Europe.  In Asia and in North America,  strong currencies
helped to bring about these impressive figures.  Europe continues to be the most important market for Salomon,  accounting for 50% of net sales,  although we expect North America to
have the strongest growth rates going forward. 
Gross Profit Outpaces Sales Growth
The gross profit increased 27% to c 276 million.  This is the
result of impressive gross margin improvements at Salomon. 
The margin came in at 426%,  up 30 percentage points from
the previous year.  This positive development came as a result of
productivity improvements in the production of winter productsincreased average net selling prices and better close-outs. 
Operating Profit at Record Level
The operating profit for Salomon increased a notable 82% to
 57 million,  as operating expenses increased more moderately
than net sales and gross profits.  This improvement was achieved
despite increased expenditures for research and development
as well as marketing to sustain future growth. 

39

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Salomon at a Glance
(euros in millions)

Net sales
Gross margin
Operating profit 
2000
648
426%
57

Change year1999
over-year
543
19%
396%
30pp
31
82%

Salomon Sales by Region
(euros in millions)

Europe
North America
Asia
Latin America
Total*

2000
325
175
142

648

1999
278
148
117
–
543

* Difference in total due to HQ/Consolidation 
Salomon Sales by Product
(in %)
Others 1

Further Sales and Profitability Improvements
Expected for 2001
Net sales of Salomon brand products will continue to increase
in 2001,  as we expand our successful Pilot ski system program,  re-introduce our inline skates to the American market
and launch our new functional apparel line.  Positive developments,  particularly in the US market,  will ensure double-digit
sales growth in 2001.  Operating profit will continue to growdespite increased operating expenses associated with higher
marketing expenses to further extend the brand positioning. 

Apparel 5
X-Country 6

Alpine Skis 25

Inline Skates 8
Snowboards 10
Alpine Boots 17
Alpine Bindings 12
Outdoor Footwear 16

Variance
in %
17
18
21
n/a
19

40

Management Discussion & Analysis 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
In 2000,  the golf industry as a whole improved only
slightly,  but TaylorMade-adidas Golf was able to take
advantage of some economic opportunities.  With further
stabilization in the Asian economy,  good weather conditions more conducive to playing golf in the United States
and an expanding interest in the game,  everything was in
place to make 2000 a successful year.  With sales up 35%TaylorMade-adidas Golf delivered the highest percentage
improvement in the Group,  positively influenced by
the strong US dollar.  After a successful launch of the
SuperSteel collection,  the introduction of the 300 SeriesTM
metalwood in September led the brand to its highest
fourth quarter sales ever. 
Group-Leading Sales Increase of 35%
In 2000,  sales increased in every major product category. 
Metalwood sales were up 41% as the result of high sell-throughs
of the FireSole and SuperSteel lines as well as the introduction
of the 300 SeriesTM driver in September.  Iron sales increased
22% as the result of our very successful introduction of
SuperSteel irons.  adidas Golf products also contributed
strongly,  with apparel up 231% and footwear up 32%.  This
provided evidence of the synergies of combining the global
golf activities into one unit,  which completed its first full year
of combined operations in 2000. 
On a regional basis,  the largest revenue growth in percent in
2000 came from Asia,  where sales were up 97%.  This is a
result of strong sales growth in Japan and the very successful
introduction of TaylorMade products in Korea.  Sales in Japan
also profited from the strong yen.  In America,  the largest golf
market in the world,  sales were up 28%.  In Europe,  sales
increased 14% despite adverse weather conditions. 

Gross Margin at Record Level
TaylorMade-adidas Golf's gross margin came in at 495%up 11 percentage points from the previous year.  Gross profit
increased 38% to reach c 221 million.  This improvement was
driven by increased demand for the company's new products
and technologies in 2000.  It also reflected strong efficiency
gains in the production of TaylorMade clubs as well as newly
negotiated contracts with vendors. 
Operating Profit up 46%
Operating profit for TaylorMade-adidas Golf increased 46%
in 2000.  This occurred despite sizable operating expense
increases as a result of the Growth and Efficiency Program's
focus on sales and marketing for the brand.  As part of this
program,  we increased our sales force by one-third to allow
us to better focus on pro shops,  where top golf players are
most likely to make purchases. 

41

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

TaylorMade-adidas Golf at a Glance
(euros in millions)

Net sales
Gross margin
Operating profit 
2000
441
495%
44

Change year1999
over-year
327
35%
484%
11pp
30
46%

TaylorMade-adidas Golf Sales by Region
(euros in millions)

Europe
North America
Asia
Total*

2000
66
289
85
441

1999
58
226
43
327

* Difference in total due to HQ/Consolidation 
Double-Digit Sales Growth Expected for 2001
TaylorMade-adidas Golf has made significant changes over
the last two years,  which have repositioned the brand for
strong growth going forward.  Further,  as a result of the new
300 Series™ metalwoods and irons,  which are being launched
as a full collection in 2001,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf expects
double-digit sales increases in 2001. 

TaylorMade-adidas Golf Sales by Product
(in %)
Other Hardware
(incl.  Bags) 8
Putters 3
Golf Balls 4
Footwear 7

Metalwoods 43

Apparel 7

Irons 28

Variance
in %
14
28
97
35

42

Management Discussion & Analysis 
Mavic
2000 was a year of recovery for the bicycle and bike
component industry.  On the back of high-profile appearances at the Summer Olympics and the Tour de Francesales increased 25%.  The gross margin improved slightly. 
As a result of relative operating expense decreasesoperating profit improved nearly 500% to reach a record
 4 million. 
Sales Improve in All Regions
Net sales of the Mavic brand increased by 25% to c 55 million
in 2000.  The introduction of new wheel products,  in particular
the Ksyrium SSC and Cosmos road wheels gained momentumdriving sales for the category up 65%.  Rim development was
virtually flat.  Regionally,  sales were up 36% in North America34% in Asia and 22% in Europe,  the most important market for
the brand. 
Gross Margin Improves Slightly
Gross margin improved to 364%,  up 01 percentage points
over last year.  As a result,  Mavic's gross profit increased 25%
to c 20 million.  This increase was driven by an improved
product mix as well as supply chain enhancements. 

Operating Result Increases Nearly 500%
The operating profit for Mavic increased 487% to c 4 million. 
This was a result of decreased operating expenses as a percent
of net sales.  This positive development was driven by increased
operating efficiencies,  in particular the better utilization of marketing instruments and logistics. 
Brand Repositioning to Set Tone for 2001
2001 will be a year in which Mavic undergoes a strategic
realignment.  Focus will be put on defining the brand,  optimizing
the supply chain and improving brand communication.  Mavic
sales will be flat,  as the mountain bike business,  which makes
up 50% of sales,  continues to be slow.  Improved efficiencieshowever,  based on synergies gained from Mavic's integration
with Salomon,  will drive bottom-line improvements for the brand. 

43

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Mavic at a Glance
(euros in millions)

Net sales
Gross margin
Operating profit 
2000
55
364%


Change year1999
over-year
44
25%
363%
01pp

487%

Mavic Sales by Region
(euros in millions)

Europe
North America
Asia
Total 
2000
42
11

55

1999
34

2
44

Mavic Sales by Product
(in %)
Other Bicycle Components 3

Rims 39
Wheels 58

Variance
in %
22
36
34
25

44

Our Employees
At December 31,  2000,  adidas-Salomon employed 13362
people,  representing a growth of 4% over the previous year. 
This increase mirrors our strategy of growing the business in a
targeted and market-oriented way.  One example is the number
of employees working for our Company in the retail sectorwhich increased 19% overall and 54% in the United States
in 2000.  This sector represented 75% of the total employee
growth within our Company and shows our commitment to
building up this important channel of distribution.  At the same
time,  we have streamlined and rationalized our organization
wherever necessary.  Among other areas,  this is reflected in the
215% reduction in management positions which has taken
place since 1997. 

Our Culture
adidas-Salomon is multi-cultural.  At our headquarters,  we have
employees from 38 different countries.  As a result,  we have the
ability to draw ideas and inspiration from all over the world. 
Further,  nearly half of our workforce is under the age of 30ensuring closeness to our target consumers.  Most importantlythe employees of adidas-Salomon work together as a team. 
All of our employees are bound together by their passion for
competition and their dedication to a sporting lifestyle. 
Our Team
Our employees are unique and that means they deserve both
support and opportunities to advance.  We are creating programs throughout our Group to support their needs.  At our
headquarters in Germany,  we have created programs such as:
Ⅲ Flexitime A Matter of Trust: Since the beginning of last
year,  we have had an advanced flexible working hours
program in place,  which is based on trust and personal
accountability. 
Ⅲ Programs and infrastructure to support educational and
cultural opportunities for new employees and their families:
An international school (FIS),  and an association for promoting the integration of families moving into the region (IWG)
are just two of the projects initiated and sponsored by
adidas-Salomon. 
These developments,  along with many others,  have succeeded
because of the ambition,  pride and will to win of every single
person working in our Company. 

Our Rewards System
At adidas-Salomon we believe in rewarding our employees for
their competence and contribution.  Two major elements of this
system are our 'pay for performance" bonus program and our
management stock option program (MSOP).  The 'pay for
performance" bonus program offers a performance-based
component to the salaries of eligible employees in all areas
within the Company.  18% of our employees now have a variable
salary component,  an average of 20% of the remuneration is
directly linked to corporate performance.  Moreover,  the number
of our employees participating in our 'pay for performance"
bonus program has nearly doubled since 1997.  In addition to
this bonus system,  our management stock option program
links the compensation of key executives worldwide to the
development of our share price.  This actively enhances shareholder value by ensuring that management and shareholders
have the same goals. 
Our Pension Program
It is the policy of the adidas-Salomon Group to contribute
actively to pension programs of all our employees.  For examplein 2000,  adidas-Salomon AG took advantage of the opportunities provided by recent German legislation to introduce a new
pension plan called the 'PP 2000" for its employees based
in Germany.  In conjunction with the existing company pension
trust fund,  it is designed to encourage employees to ensure
that their total pension packages are both realistic and sufficient. 
Participation is on a voluntary basis. 

Management Discussion & Analysis 
Our Recruitment Policy
 balanced mix of external know-how and internal development
has been strengthened through both focused personnel marketing activities and the in-house development of our employees. 
Exchange of know-how has been enhanced through employee
transfers between regions and brands.  This has helped us
become more inspired,  diversified and qualified. 
In the recruitment of entry-level positions,  our focus is put
on utilizing apprentices,  trainees and interns.  Additionally,  we
are increasing selective alliances with design colleges and
universities as well as boosting our recruitment activities at
relevant candidate forums.  Our young managers are supported
internally through management development programs.  One
example of this was an internal management academy piloted
for adidas Germany in 2000. 
Our Future
The success and growth of our Company has come as a direct
result of the talents of the people who work for us.  While 2000
was a challenging year,  it was also a year which will act as a
platform for extended growth in the future.  Management would
like to thank all of our employees for the support,  cooperation
and commitment that they have shown so strongly. 
As the leading sporting goods company in the world,  we will
continue to focus on finding,  developing and retaining the best
people for our Company.  And we will continue to offer them a
working environment in which top performance at all levels and
in all disciplines is both fun and financially rewarding. 

45

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

46

Social & Environmental Report 
Rapid Progress in Social and Environmental Affairs
The adidas-Salomon Group has always been committed to
ensuring socially responsible,  safe and environmentally sustainable practices both within our Company and our supply chain. 
This year,  we underlined our commitment to these goals by
further promoting our 'Standards of Engagement" (SOE).  These
standards lay out our requirements for labor,  health,  safety and
environmental issues in our suppliers' factories as well as being
the basis for our international factory monitoring program. 
Complete SOE Team in Place
The SOE program is being implemented by an internal monitoring team made up of 23 people.  These individuals come from
13 different countries and have a very broad range of experience in areas such as production and sourcing,  chemistry,  labor
law,  manufacturing and environmental management,  and nongovernmental organizations.  They are organized into three
regional teams covering Asia,  the Americas and Europe.  Whenever possible,  our field auditors come from the communities
in which they are working,  which also means that they have
first-hand knowledge of local regulations.  This enables us
to communicate more effectively with both workers and
management. 

As well as monitoring the status of factories,  the key role of the
SOE team is to support and train our business partners to continuously upgrade and improve working conditions.  This clearly
symbolizes our Company's belief that open and responsible
partnerships with our suppliers are the fundamental basis for
social,  environmental and economic gains in the supply chain. 
Highlights in 2000
The 'Standards of Engagement" were recently updated,  incorporating new research and feedback from key organizations
and suppliers,  to define more clearly our goals and guidelines. 
These standards act as a benchmark for the SOE team for
factory monitoring and they also provide factory management
with concrete starting points for conditions in the workplace. 
In 2000,  following the formation of the complete SOE teamfactory monitoring and training sessions given by the team
increased substantially.  The majority of factories of our international business partners were visited and action plans for
further improvement were developed together with factory
management.  In the rare cases where indications of serious
non-compliance were found and where the management 
refused to cooperate,  business relations were terminated. 
This course of action is a last resort.  adidas-Salomon prefers
to stay in partnership and to work from the inside to help
encourage factory improvements. 
In 2000,  the SOE team provided 150 training sessions to
suppliers on fire safety,  mechanical safety,  labor law and
environmental management.  In 2001 and 2002,  this will
increase to 200 sessions per year. 
As a basis for training,  a health,  safety and environment manual
for the footwear and textile industry was presented to our
business partners in April 2000.  It provides them with clear
and practical advice to help improve working conditions and
environmental performance. 
adidas-Salomon actively seeks partnerships with a range of
organizations in order to improve standards in the workplace
and to minimize the environmental impact of factory operations. 
In Vietnam,  for example,  we are working with suppliers,  trade
unions and governmental and non-governmental organizations
on a project to improve health and safety in shoe factories. 

Management Discussion & Analysis 
This project is being coordinated by the Prince of Wales
Business Leaders Forum.  In addition,  together with the
Bavarian Ministry for the Environment,  we have produced an
introductory manual suggesting ways to improve the environmental performance in the textile and garment industry.  This
manual is available both in English and in German. 
Independent Monitoring
Independent checking of factories is a central element of the
adidas-Salomon monitoring system.  In 2000,  independent
external auditors continued to monitor the findings of our internal audits to assess factory conditions.  Since we are now executive board members of the Fair Labor Association (FLA),  a
non-governmental organization made up of companies,  human
rights groups and universities,  which verifies the findings of our
independent external monitors,  even more extensive independent monitoring will be implemented in 2001. 

Social and Environmental Involvement Recognized by the
Dow Jones Sustainability Group Index
adidas-Salomon's involvement and progress in social and
environmental issues has been recognized by the Dow Jones
Sustainability Group Index (DJSGI).  The DJSGI,  which is based
on the Dow Jones Global Index,  was the first index to track
sustainability-driven companies and is the only index which
measures sustainability on a global basis.  The DJSGI covers
all market sectors and industry groups.  Companies included
in the DJSGI are considered to be industry leaders on socialenvironmental and economic issues. 
In its annual review 2000,  the DJSG analyzed the socialenvironmental and financial performance of adidas-Salomon
and concluded that we are an industry leader on sustainability
issues.  In particular,  the DJSG recognized that we have made
significant progress in improving the social and environmental
conditions in the factories which supply our products. 

The main objectives of the FLA are:
Ⅲ To certify whether the applicable brands of the participating
companies are producing their products in facilities which
are in compliance with the FLA's standards for labor,  healthsafety and the environment. 
Ⅲ To continuously address questions and issues that can
eliminate unsatisfactory working conditions in factories. 
Ⅲ To serve as an information database for consumers about
workplace codes,  monitoring principles and participating
companies. 

In addition,  adidas-Salomon has taken an industry lead by
establishing an externally certified environmental management
system in its own production facility in Germany. 
In 2001,  adidas-Salomon will be publishing its first social and
environmental report.  The report will focus on the year 2000
and underlines our openness about and commitment to these
critical issues. 
Copies of the report will be available from Social and Environmental Affairs,  Investor Relations and Public Relations,  as well
as on our internet site. 

47

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

International Suppliers Monitored
(Action plans in place in %)

Asia
Americas
Europe 


20

40

60

80

100

48

Risk Management Report 
As a global company,  adidas-Salomon is exposed to a
variety of business risks.  We define risks as those events
internal or external,  which can impact the achievement of
short-term goals (e.g.  earnings targets) or the implementation of long-term strategies and the financial health
of our Company.  Risks can also impact intangible values
such as brand image or our social and environmental
record. 
At adidas-Salomon,  we believe risk sensitivity should not
compromise the Company's ability to identify,  create and
act on promising business opportunities.  Within our Groupwe strive to make all business decisions opportunity
focused,  but risk aware.  This means we constantly seek
an optimal balance between maximizing entrepreneurial
opportunities and,  at the same time,  recognizing and
controlling the associated risks.  As a result,  risk management plays a critical role in the financial and strategic
management of our Company. 

New Initiatives in 2000
Risk evaluations are standard parts of our budgeting,  forecasting and strategic business planning processes.  In 2000adidas-Salomon introduced two new programs to strengthen
the Group's risk management.  First,  was the implementation of
formalized risk communication between operating units and
Group headquarters.  Second,  was the preparation of a Groupwide risk management manual.  This manual formalizes our
compliance with the requirements of the German law regarding
transparency and control in stock companies (KonTraG).  More
importantly,  it formally documents adidas-Salomon's risk
management system and provides a common framework for all
operating entities of the Group concerning risk management
values,  processes and responsibilities. 
Risk Management at adidas-Salomon
As part of our effort to increase risk-aware decision-making
throughout the Group,  we endeavor to identify potential risks
as early as possible and reduce,  control and transfer them as
appropriate.  This has a high priority and is a constantly evolving
process within our Company.  The following represents a qualitative and quantitative list of the major risk areas we have
identified based on our global presence in the sporting goods
market:

Sporting Goods Sector Risks
Ⅲ Consumer Preferences and Brand Image Risks: The sale of
adidas-Salomon products is dependent both on brand
image and on consumer preferences.  Changes in consumer
sentiment with respect to our brand acceptance,  competing
products and market trends have the potential to endanger
our sales and margins globally or in individual markets.  For
this reason,  our Global Marketing function conducts continuous market and trend research regarding design,  qualityimage and price point issues.  Further,  we are committed to
continuous technology and design innovation to ensure that
new trends are not missed and are managed in a risk-aware
manner. 
Ⅲ Supplier Risks: adidas-Salomon produces a very limited
number of its products directly.  Instead,  the vast majority of
our products are sourced in third-party factories around the
world.  Their delivery performance,  pricing and product quality are critical to adidas-Salomon.  To ensure the highest
possible quality products,  adidas-Salomon employs around
200 quality control officers to monitor factory performance. 
Detailed product cost analyses are performed both before
purchase and historically to ensure competitive pricing and
opportunities for further margin improvements.  To support
best practice standards in all regions,  we conduct regular
benchmarking analysis of all our suppliers to identify optimal
product allocation,  cost,  quality and delivery performance. 

Management Discussion & Analysis 
Ⅲ Social and Environmental Risks: Environmental disasters and
incidents such as floods,  earthquakes,  hurricanes,  fire or
unfavorable weather conditions can affect sourcing and
manufacturing in particular.  However,  they can also impact
the distribution of our products.  Additionally,  social issues
such as the working conditions of our employees or those of
our suppliers can have a significant impact on our corporate
reputation.  Our Social & Environmental Affairs Team monitors
the factories of adidas-Salomon suppliers to ensure compliance of our products,  processes and labor with socialenvironmental,  health and safety standards.  If necessaryaction plans are then put in place to ensure improvements. 
The team communicates with stakeholders (including nongovernmental organizations and media) to create transparency in areas of potential risk. 
Market Risks
Ⅲ Financing risks: Interest rate changes and liquidity developments have a direct impact on our consolidated financial
statements.  For example,  we estimate that a one percentage point increase or decrease in our interest rates would
cause our after-tax earnings to change by c 11 million over
 12-month period.  Financing as well as currency risk is
centrally managed at the Group's headquarters in Germany. 
To assure best response to changing market conditions
this risk is closely monitored by our Treasury Department. 
When a relevant risk has been identified,  we address it with
appropriately structured financing or derivative products.  As
 result,  adidas-Salomon believes that the Group's capital
requirements can be covered through our use of current
cash balances,  existing credit facilities and cash flow from
operations,  without the need for additional permanent
financing. 
Ⅲ Currency Risks: Due to the high share of product sourcingwhich is invoiced in US dollars,  and of sales,  which are
denominated in other currencies,  such as European currencies or the Japanese yen,  the Company is exposed to
economic risks,  including unexpected changes in exchange
rates,  that have the potential to significantly affect our financial results.  The sourcing organization invoices Group companies primarily in their local currencies.  As a result,  the
currency risk is concentrated at the sourcing level.  In our
efforts to reduce exposure in these areas,  we have,  wherever
possible,  pursued natural hedges.  For additional protectioncommon market instruments such as options and forward
contracts are used.  We employ these instruments in accordance with our risk assessments and we observe the
detailed guidelines and rules established by our Treasury
Committee. 

49

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Ⅲ Legal Risks: As a global corporation,  adidas-Salomon
observes a wide variety of differing national laws and regulations.  Finding solutions for the various legal matters within
the Group entails risk,  especially in the formulation of contracts,  the protection of our trademark rights,  the resolution
of corporate legal issues and the taking of legal action.  In
addition to relying on the experience of our in-house legal
departments,  we consult external specialists as appropriatein order to optimally manage these tasks and reduce risk. 
Risk Management Outlook
Integrated risk management is a critical requirement for sustaining the Company's success in an increasingly volatile business
environment.  Going forward,  adidas-Salomon will continue to
further formalize and document our risk management system. 
We believe that organized risk management across all functions
and organizational levels is important and we are committed
to constantly enhancing this system.  We view this as an
important part of our efforts to maximize earnings and enhance
shareholder value. 

50

Outlook
International Markets
In 2001,  economic trends in the world's major markets appear
likely to remain mixed.  With global growth having lost momentum in the second quarter of 2000,  an economic slowdown is
expected,  particularly in the United States.  In Europe,  economic
growth also remains a question mark.  The current consensus
among banks is that real GDP growth in 2001 will be lower
than 2000 in all the major European countries,  while other economic indicators including unemployment and inflation appear
to be moving in a positive direction.  Overall consumer confidence increased in the last quarter of 2000 and seems likely
to continue on the upswing.  The outlook for Asian and Latin
American markets is cautiously optimistic.  Economic recovery
in Japan should continue,  and expectations are improvingalthough there are many negative signals for other countries
within the Asian market. 
Sporting Goods Sector
Provided there are no major negative macro-economic trendsthe sporting goods sector is expected to continue its recovery
in 2001.  Indicators of this include: strong sales improvements
and positive order backlog development for major US sporting
goods retailers in the second half of 2000,  a move from consolidation to a more appropriate sizing and location of retail space
and improved backlogs among competitors,  in particular niche
brands.  In addition,  all of the major brands have announced
major technology or design innovations to be launched or
available at retail during the course of 2001. 
As a result,  growth is likely to continue in the sector.  But there
are trends which cause some concern for profitability of the
sporting goods sector.  In the United States,  for example,  while
the overall footwear market has grown,  the average selling
price of shoes has declined 36% according to the Sports 
Trend market research.  This provides evidence to retailers'
commentary about the strong promotional tendencies in the
market.  In Europe,  prices are increasing,  in particular for footwear,  which is sourced by all major brands in the Far Eastmeaning the high US dollar of the last year has had a strong
effect on the purchase prices.  The question for this market will
be how successfully the companies are able to pass on their
price increases to the market.  In Asia,  a similar trend to that of
the United States is expected,  with cautious spending behavior
in the recovering economies. 
adidas Rejuvenation through OriginalsBasketball and New Designs
In the strategy section of this report,  we present the new global
marketing strategy for the adidas brand.  In 2001,  the new
divisional structure will be in place to start delivering positive
results for the Group.  In the ORIGINAL division,  for examplewe anticipate double-digit growth as it expands its offering into
the apparel segment. 
FOREVER SPORT will also profit from its new,  more streamlined
business unit structure.  By focusing more on our core sports
categories,  both cost savings and sustainable top-line growth
can be achieved.  In particular,  we are excited about the outlook
for our basketball products,  which are quickly gaining profile in
the global marketplace.  Following the introduction of the highly
successful and premium-priced The KOBE basketball shoe in
2000,  the basketball category will release: follow-up colors,  The
KOBE 2,  the Mad Handle and a variety of other top-end
basketball shoes in 2001.  These shoes,  which have all already
been previewed by retailers,  have been received very positively
and should propel momentum in this important category. 
Another essential factor for the adidas brand outlook is the
introduction of new designs to the market in the second half of
2001.  Over the last year,  improving design was given high 
priority status within adidas.  Starting with the Fall/Winter 2001
collection,  there is a notably more urban-oriented look and feel
to our products that feature muted or less visible three stripes. 
Salomon Growth to ContinueSynergies with Mavic to Increase
As a result of the continued innovative strength and the
increasing profile of Salomon products,  we are currently
projecting double-digit growth from the Salomon brand in
2001.  On a regional level,  the strongest growth will come from
North America,  where Salomon products are currently less
represented than in other major markets,  and as a result of
the re-introduction of our inline skates. 
Strong product categories are likely to be:
Ⅲ Alpine skis,  where our revolutionary Pilot ski system will
be offered in its next generation and supported by other
top-end skis. 
Ⅲ Inline skates,  with a broader offering,  renewed products and
the re-introduction in the United States. 
Ⅲ Apparel,  where our first Salomon collection will be available
to consumers in Fall/Winter of 2001. 
Additionally,  the integration of Mavic with Salomon,  which
began in 2000,  will continue in 2001.  By utilizing the same
design and back-office facilities we expect synergies between
the two brands to further increase. 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf will Lead Sales Growth for the Group
In 2001,  the brand repositioning of TaylorMade will continue. 
With increased marketing and sales support to target the elite
golfer,  we anticipate solid growth in all the major golf markets. 
Central to this development will be strong positive response
to our new 300 SeriesTM golf clubs.  Continued growth of the
adidas Golf products is also expected. 

Management Discussion & Analysis 
Gross Margins to Remain within Target Range
For the adidas-Salomon Group,  we anticipate keeping gross
margins in a range of 41 to 43% during 2001.  There are two
factors which will negatively affect margins.  Increased product
purchasing costs will put pressure on margins of products in
our largest market,  Europe.  Additionally,  promotional pressure
in the United States is likely to impact the prices of our productsthereby pushing down margins.  On the positive side,  increasing
own-retail activities and a better product mix as a result of our
new initiatives should contribute to high-level margins in 2001. 
Declining Expenses will Lead to Improved Operating Profits
Following the successful implementation of our Growth and
Efficiency Program,  earnings will improve significantly in 2001
and beyond.  In particular,  marketing working budget will
decline for the adidas brand and consequently for the Group. 
For brand adidas,  we intend to push this figure down significantly in the future to a medium-term target range of between
12 and 13%.  We will maintain the flexibility to shift funds within
the regions as necessary to appropriately address global
marketing priorities.  This demonstrates our belief that marketing can be done more efficiently.  For the Group we are expecting a small decline in operating expenses,  as new efficiencies
will be partially compensated for by continued investments in
Salomon and TaylorMade to maximize their brand power. 
Non-Operating Result will Decline
 decline in the non-operating result is likely in 2001.  Stable
development of goodwill depreciation as well as royalty and
commission income is expected.  We also anticipate higher
interest expense in 2001 as a result of higher average interest
rates compared to 2000. 

Net Income to Increase 15%
As a result of increased top-line improvements at all the brands
and the decline of our operating expenses as a percent of net
sales,  we anticipate improving net income for the Group by
15% in 2001.  Decreasing minority interests and a small decline
in the Group tax rate will also contribute to this increase. 
Capital Expenditure will be Stable
In 2001,  capital expenditure for the Group will continue at
levels consistent with 2000.  Major projects for the year include
'adidas Village",  our new headquarters for adidas America,  and
global supply chain improvements,  in particular IT hardware
and software. 
Net cash provided by operating activities will be in excess of
the investment volume necessary in 2001.  This surplus will be
used to reduce our borrowings.  It is our goal to decrease net
borrowings for the Group by c 100 –150 million annually going
forward. 
Beyond 2001
adidas-Salomon is now poised for the next phase of growth. 
We have successfully completed the Growth and Efficiency
Program,  which has prepared our systems and structures for
the major changes now underway within the Group.  A key
driver of growth for brand adidas will be the new marketing
strategy.  Growth of our other brands will also continue.  With a
new consumer focus in our designs,  technologies and marketing we are confident that double-digit earnings growth for the
future years will be possible. 

51

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

52

Corporate Governance 
Supervisory Board Report 
Topics covered by the Supervisory Board in 2000 included:
In the year under review,  the Supervisory Board oversaw the
management activities of the Executive Board on a regular
basis and acted in an advisory capacity.  The Supervisory Board
was kept informed about the financial position of the Companycorporate policy and matters relating to major business transactions through verbal and written reports from the Executive
Board.  In five joint meetings with the Executive Board and in
three meetings of the General Committee of the Supervisory
Board,  business development of the adidas-Salomon Group as
well as the individual operational units and the major Group
companies was reviewed in detail.  In addition to the responsibilities laid down by law and the Articles of Association,  the
Supervisory Board acted in an advisory capacity in important
individual matters. 

Ⅲ
Ⅲ
Ⅲ
Ⅲ

The
The
The
The 
positive results of the Growth and Efficiency Program. 
new strategy for the adidas brand. 
development of business in the United States. 
impact of changes in the exchange rates. 

The Supervisory Board also approved the termination of the
profit sharing and control agreement between adidas-Salomon
AG and erima Sportbekleidungs GmbH and the conclusion of
 share purchase agreement.  Under the terms of the share
purchase agreement,  adidas-Salomon AG assigned and sold
49% of its holding in erima Sportbekleidungs GmbH and
granted the buyer an option to acquire the remaining 51%. 
Additional topics dealt with by the Supervisory Board were:
Ⅲ The restructuring of the production facilities of Salomon S. A. 
and Mavic S. A.  in France. 
Ⅲ The distribution of the second tranche of the
adidas-Salomon AG management stock option plan. 
Ⅲ The global sourcing activities. 

The external auditors attended the annual financial statements
meeting of the Supervisory Board on March 2,  2000 and subsequent meetings on May 10,  August 7 and November 2,  2000. 
During these meetings,  the quarterly financial statements for
2000 were presented. 
Examination and Approval of the 2000 Financial Statements
As in the previous year,  consolidated financial statements
were prepared in compliance with International Accounting
Standards (IAS).  Under the provisions of § 292a of the German
Commercial Code (HGB),  these financial statements exempt
adidas-Salomon AG from drawing up consolidated financial
statements in accordance with German Commercial Law. 
The external auditors,  KPMG Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft
Aktiengesellschaft Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft,  Frankfurt
am Main,  have audited the consolidated financial statements
and the Group management report.  Additionally,  they have
audited the financial statements and the management report
of adidas-Salomon AG and issued unqualified opinions thereon. 
In the context of their auditing duties in line with § 317 section 4
HGB,  the auditors have looked at the existing 
Corporate Governance 
adidas-Salomon AG monitoring system for early identification of
risk.  They concluded that the existing system was appropriate
and that the management reports for adidas-Salomon AG and
the Group accurately reflected future risk.  The financial statements,  the management reports and the auditors' reports have
been presented to all the members of the Supervisory Board. 
The year-end statements were discussed in detail at the annual
financial statements meeting of the Supervisory Board,  during
which the auditors were present. 
Having examined the consolidated financial statements,  the
financial statements of adidas-Salomon AG,  the management
reports and the proposal put forward by the Executive Board
regarding the appropriation of retained earnings,  the Supervisory
Board approved the results of the audit.  The Supervisory Board
also agreed with the management report and particularly with
the outlook for the future development of the Company.  Additionally,  the proposal put forward by the Executive Board regarding
retained earnings was approved. 
The financial statements submitted by the Executive Board for
the year ending December 31,  2000 were approved by the
Supervisory Board. 
Committee Activities
In addition to its responsibilities as a whole,  the Supervisory
Board also has two committees.  The General Committeewhich deals with personnel matters related to the Executive
Board,  met on three occasions in 2000. 

53

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

The Mediation Committee,  formed in accordance with § 27
section 3 of the German Co-Determination Act (MitBestG)submits proposals to the Supervisory Board regarding the
appointment or dismissal of Executive Board members if the
two-thirds Supervisory Board majority necessary for a decision
is not achieved.  This committee did not meet in 2000. 

Outlook
adidas-Salomon AG took on many challenges in the year
under review.  Operationally,  the targets the Company set for
itself have been achieved.  The Supervisory Board is confident
that the groundwork has been completed to steer adidasSalomon AG into a positive future. 

Changes on the Supervisory and Executive Board
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Robert Louis-Dreyfus and
Deputy Chairman Christian Tourres resigned their mandates on
the Executive Board effective March 8,  2001.  Also effective
March 8,  2001,  the Supervisory Board appointed the Deputy
Chairman and Chief Operating Officer,  Herbert Hainer,  as
successor to Robert Louis-Dreyfus in the position of CEO and
Chairman of the Executive Board. 

We appreciate the tremendous work of the Executive Boardthe Management Boards of the Group companies,  the
Works Council and all employees and thank them for their
commitment. 

Furthermore,  Robin Stalker,  who had held the position of Chief
Financial Officer of adidas-Salomon AG since February 1,  2000was appointed to the Executive Board as Board Member for
Finance effective January 30,  2001. 
Dr.  Thomas Russell has tendered his resignation from the
Supervisory Board effective at the end of the Shareholders'
Meeting on May 10,  2001.  The Supervisory Board thanked him
for his many years of dedication and commitment as a member
of the Supervisory Board. 
The Supervisory Board will propose to the Shareholders'
Meeting that Christian Tourres be elected as a member of the
Supervisory Board. 

The Supervisory Board 
Henri Filho
(Chairman)
March 2001

54

Supervisory Board
Henri Filho
Chairman
69,  French
Management Consultant
Member of the Administrative BoardSophiabail S. A.,  Paris,  France*
Member of the Administrative BoardSalomon S. A.,  Metz-Tessy,  France*
Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory BoardVendôme Rome Management S. A.,  Paris,  France*
Chairman of the Supervisory BoardAuguste Thouard et Associés S. A.,  Levallois-Perret,  France*
Dr.  Hans Friderichs
Deputy Chairman
69,  German
Management Consultant
Chairman of the Supervisory Boardallit AG,  Bad Kreuznach,  Germany
Member of the Supervisory BoardElf Oil Deutschland GmbH,  Berlin,  Germany (until 210600)
Chairman of the Supervisory BoardGoldman Sachs Investment Management GmbHFrankfurt am Main,  Germany 
Chairman of the Supervisory BoardSektkellerei C. A.  Kupferberg & Cie KGaA,  Mainz,  Germany
Chairman of the Supervisory BoardLeica Camera AG,  Solms,  Germany
Member of the Supervisory BoardIIC The New German Länder Industrial Investment
Council GmbH,  Berlin,  Germany*
Chairman of the Supervisory BoardPott-Racke-Dujardin GmbH & Co.  KG,  Bingen,  Germany*
Member of the Supervisory BoardGroupe Schneider S. A.,  Paris,  France*
Chairman of the Supervisory BoardSwatch Group Deutschland GmbH,  Eschborn,  Germany*
Fritz Kammerer**
Deputy Chairman
55,  German
Chairman of the Central Works Counciladidas-Salomon AG
Sabine Bauer**
37,  German
System Manager Footwear Quality,  Global Operationsadidas-Salomon AG

Ulrich Becker**
37,  German
Head of Communications,  adidas Germany
Gerold Brandt
60,  German
Member of the Executive BoardBayerische Landesbank Girozentrale,  Munich,  Germany
Member of the Supervisory BoardBayerische Kapitalbeteiligungsgesellschaft mbHMunich,  Germany
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory BoardBayern Invest Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH,  Munich,  Germany
Member of the Supervisory BoardMonacensis Beteiligungs AG,  Munich,  Germany
Member of the Supervisory BoardBayTech Venture Capital GmbH & Co. KG,  Munich,  Germany*
Member of the Supervisory BoardBLB Wachstumskapital Bayern GmbH,  Munich,  Germany*
Deputy Chairman of the Exchange CouncilBavarian Stock Exchange,  Munich,  Germany*
Chairman of the Advisory CouncilSociété Générale de Surveillance Holding (Deutschland) GmbHHamburg,  Germany*

Corporate Governance 
Chairman of the Advisory CouncilMüller Elmau GmbH,  Schloss Elmau,  Upper Bavaria,  Germany*
Member of the Board of DirectorsHungarian Foreign Trade Bank,  Budapest,  Hungary*
Member of the Supervisory BoardBAWAG,  Vienna,  Austria*
Chairman of the Administrative BoardBayerische Landesbank (Schweiz) AG,  Zurich,  Switzerland*
Member of the Administrative Board and Member of
the Credit Committee,  Bayerische Landesbank International
S. A.,  Luxembourg*
Chairman of the Administrative Board,  Bayern LB International
Fund Management Company S. A.,  Luxembourg*
David Bromilow
58,  British
Executive Director,  MediMedia Int'l Ltd.,  Hong Kong
Herbert Müller**
56,  German
Regional Manager,  IG BCE Trade UnionRegion Nuremberg,  Germany
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory BoardCeramtec AG,  Plochingen,  Germany 
55

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Deputy Member of the Administrative BoardAllgemeine Ortskrankenkasse Bayern,  Munich,  Germany 
Non-Executive DirectorKircal Ltd.,  London,  U.K. *

Dr.  Thomas Russell
(until May 10,  2001)
69,  American
Chairman of the Board of DirectorsEmcore Corporation,  Somerset,  New Jersey,  USA***

Heidi Thaler-Veh**
38,  German
Member of the Central Works Counciladidas-Salomon AG

Member of the Board of DirectorsLouis Dreyfus Communications,  Paris,  France*

Klaus Weiss**
42,  German
Trade Union Official,  IG BCE Trade UnionHeadquarters Hanover,  Germany 
Charles Thomas Scott
51,  British
Chairman of the Board of DirectorsCordiant Communications Group plc.,  London,  U.K. ***

Member of the Supervisory BoardWohnungsbaugesellschaft 'Glück Auf",  Brambauer,  Germany 
Chairman of the Board of DirectorsTopnotch Health Clubs plc.,  Brentford,  Middlesex,  U.K. *
Non-Executive DirectorMassive Ltd.,  London,  U.K. *
Non-Executive DirectorTBI plc.,  London,  U.K. *
Non-Executive DirectorWilliam Hill plc.,  London,  U.K. *

*

Not relevant for determining the maximum number of
Supervisory Board appointments under § 100 Paragraph 2
No.  1 AktG (stock corporation law)

** Employee representative
*** Position and mandate 
56

Executive Board 
Robert Louis-Dreyfus
(until March 8,  2001)
Chairman,  Chief Executive Officer
54,  French
Member of the Board of DirectorsEmcore Corporation,  Somerset,  New Jersey,  USA
Member of the Board of DirectorsHeidrick & Struggles,  Atlanta,  Georgia,  USA
Member of the Advisory BoardThe Parthenon Group,  Boston,  Massachusetts,  USA
President and Chief Executive OfficerLouis Dreyfus Communications,  Paris,  France
Christian Tourres
(until March 8,  2001)
Deputy Chairman,  Sales and Licensees
62,  French
Herbert Hainer
Deputy Chairman,  Chief Operating Officer (until March 8,  2001)
Chairman,  Chief Executive Officer (as of March 8,  2001)
46,  German
Member of the Advisory CommitteeBayerische Versicherungsbank AG,  Munich,  Germany 
Glenn Bennett
Global Operations
37,  American
Dean Hawkins
(until January 31,  2000)
Finance
39,  Australian
Manfred Ihle
Legal and Environmental Affairs
59,  German
Michel Perraudin
Human Resources
53,  Swiss
Member of the Advisory CommitteeGerling-Konzern Versicherungs-Beteiligungs AGCologne,  Germany
Member of the Administrative BoardBoards & More AG,  Zurich,  Switzerland
Member of the Administrative BoardPictet Leisure Fund,  Geneva,  Switzerland 
Robin Stalker
(as of January 30,  2001)
Finance
42,  New Zealander
Erich Stamminger
Global Marketing
43,  German
Jan Valdmaa
(until January 5,  2000)
Global Marketing
45,  Swedish 
Corporate Governance 
57

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

58

Major Subsidiaries 
Company 
Address 
Tel. /Fax 
Internet 
Description 
adidas America Inc. 

9605 SW Nimbus
Beaverton,  OR 97006
United States
767 Springvale Road
Mulgrave,  Victoria 3170
Australia
P.  de la Constitucion 4
50008 Zaragoza
Spain
Olympic Plaza
Fred Roeskestraat 123
1076 EE Amsterdam
Netherlands
Olympic Plaza
Fred Roeskestraat 123
1076 EE Amsterdam
Netherlands
Via Olimpia 3
20052 Monza
Italy
77 Yaraicho
Shinjuku-ku
Tokyo 162-0805
Japan
Torre Banco Continental Piso 22
Apartado 55-2124
Panama
Rep.  De Panama 
+1-503-972-2300
+1-503-972-2450

www, adidas, com/us 
Markets,  merchandises,  sells and distributes adidas products
in the United States. 

+61-3-9256 52 99
+61-3-9545 30 70

n/a 
Markets,  merchandises,  sells and distributes adidas products
in Australia. 

+34-976-710 100
+34-976-710 103

www, adidas, es 
Markets,  merchandises,  sells and distributes adidas products
in Spain. 

+31-20-573-45 00
+31-20-573-45 86

n/a 
Markets adidas trademarks and leads global sports promotion. 
Conducts global communication and advertising. 
Safeguards intellectual property rights. 

+31-20-573-45 00
+31-20-573-45 86

n/a 
Oversees pan-European logistics and supply chain activities. 

+39-039-839181
+39-039-324037

www, adidas, it 
Markets,  merchandises,  sells and distributes adidas products
in Italy (joint venture). 

+81-3-5228-8400
+81-3-5228-8405

www, adidas, co, jp 
Markets,  merchandises,  sells and distributes adidas products
in Japan. 

+507-215-7447
+507-215-7448

n/a 
Markets,  sells and distributes adidas products in Central
America,  the Caribbean,  Ecuador,  Bolivia and Paraguay. 

adidas Australia Pty.  Ltd. 

adidas Espana S. A. 

adidas International B. V. 

adidas International Trading B. V. 

adidas Italia s, r, l. 

adidas Japan K. K. 

adidas Latin America S. A. 

Major Subsidiaries 
59

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Company 
Address 
Tel. /Fax 
Internet 
Description 
adidas-Salomon
International Sourcing Ltd. 

17/F Tower 3,  China Hong Kong City
33 Canton Road,  TST Kowloon
Hong Kong
China
B. P.  67
Landersheim
67702 Saverne Cedex
France
The adidas Centre
Pepper Road,  Hazel Grove
Stockport,  Cheshire SK7 5SD
United Kingdom
Lieu dit 'La Ravoire"
Metz-Tessy
74996 Annecy Cedex 9
France
2-1-14,  Sarugaku-cho
Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo 101-0064
Japan
Annecy HouseThe Loddon Centrewade Roads
Basingstoke,  Hampshire RG 24 8FL
United Kingdom
5545 Fermi Court
Carlsbad,  CA 92008
United States 
+852-2302-8888
+852-2302-8866

n/a 
Sources and conducts logistics for the adidas-Salomon
international range of products from third-party manufacturers
with related supporting services. 

+33-3-88 87 88 00
+33-3-88 69 97 25

www, adidas, fr 
Markets,  merchandises,  sells and distributes adidas products
in France. 

+44-161 419 2500
+44-161 930 2384

www, adidas, com/uk 
Markets,  merchandises,  sells and distributes adidas products
in the United Kingdom. 

+33-4-50 65 41 41
+33-4-50 65 42 60

www, salomonsports, fr 
Oversees international marketing for the Salomon brandtrademarks and intellectual property,  product development and
production.  Sells and distributes Salomon products in France. 

+81-3-5281-7150
+81-3-5281-7151

www, salomon-tm, com
www, taylormade, co, jp 
Markets,  merchandises,  sells and distributes SalomonTaylorMade and Mavic products in Japan. 

+44-1256 479 555
+44-1256 465 562

www, salomonsports, com 
Markets,  merchandises,  sells and distributes Salomon and
TaylorMade products in the United Kingdom. 

+1-760 918 6000
+1-760 918 6014

www, taylormadegolf, com
www, adidasgolf, com 
Coordinates worldwide golf operations and global
TaylorMade production.  Markets,  merchandises,  sells and
distributes TaylorMade and adidas Golf products in the
United States. 

adidas Sarragan France S, a, r, l. 

adidas (U.K. ) Ltd. 

Salomon S. A. 

Salomon & Taylor Made Co.,  Ltd. 

Salomon Taylor Made Ltd. 

Taylor Made Golf Company,  Inc. 

60

Consolidated Accounts (IAS)

61

Consolidated Financial Statements 
62
66
93
94

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Auditors' Report
Attachments I and II to the Notes 
CONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS (IAS)

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

62

Consolidated Balance Sheets (IAS)

Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)

104706
1133103
1294033
254183
2786025

69108
1032877
1045244
201422
2348651

(8)
(9)
(10)
(24)
(11)

310068
601028
77633
131063
112643
1232435

284196
635594
73399
134349
111185
1238723

4018460

3587374

279422
532299
76318
390250
90388
1368677

177086
487801
98212
392751
96479
1252329

(euros in thousands)

(Note)
Cash and cash equivalents
Accounts receivable
Inventories
Other current assets
Total current assets
Property,  plant and equipment,  net
Goodwill,  net
Other intangible assets,  net
Deferred tax assets
Other non current assets
Total non current assets
Total assets 
Short-term borrowings
Accounts payable
Income taxes
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities 
(12)
(24)
(13)
(14)

Long-term borrowings
Pensions and similar obligations
Deferred tax liabilities
Other non current liabilities
Total non current liabilities 
(12)
(15)
(24)
(16)

1617370
85021
31748
10570
1744709

1484402
80267
11894
15100
1591663

Minority interests
Shareholders' equity 
(17)
(18)

89750
815324

63425
679957

4018460

3587374

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Consolidated Income Statements (IAS)

(euros in thousands)

(Note)

2000

1999

5834805
3306886
2527919

5353949
3001883
2352066

(21)
(81021)

2012321
78812
436786

1807255
63264
481547

(9)

39545
43073
93954
260
346620

39012
34689
83871
4857
398210

Net sales
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Selling,  general and administrative expenses
Depreciation and amortization (excl.  goodwill)
Operating profit
Goodwill amortization
Royalty and commission income
Financial expenses,  net
Extraordinary income
Income before taxes 
(23)
(29)

Income taxes
Net income before minority interests 
(24)

139610
207010

152964
245246

Minority interests
Net income 
(17)

(25327)
181683

(17524)
227722

Net income per ordinary share (in euros)

(25)

401

502

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

63

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

64

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (IAS)

(euros in thousands)

2000

1999

Operating activities:
Income before taxes
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortization (incl.  goodwill)
Unrealized foreign exchange losses/(gains),  net
Interest income
Interest expense
(Gains)/losses on sales of property,  plant and equipment,  net
Operating profit before working capital changes
Increase in receivables and other current assets
Increase in inventories
Increase in accounts payable and other current liabilities
Cash provided by operations
Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities 
346620

398210

132704
7616
(12979)
108517
(4440)
578038
(115767)
(230394)
8014
239891
(105313)
(144993)
(10415)

119203
(21985)
(7725)
84933
2356
574992
(123771)
(3680)
117632
565173
(84766)
(151977)
328430

Investing activities:
Purchase of goodwill and other intangible assets
Purchase of property,  plant and equipment
Proceeds from sale of property,  plant and equipment
Decrease/(increase) in investments and other long-term assets
Interest received
Net cash used in investing activities 
(24562)
(124815)
14141
1808
12979
(120449)

(31187)
(101349)
18112
(26538)
7725
(133237)

Financing activities:
Increase in long-term borrowings,  net
Dividends of adidas-Salomon AG
Dividends to minority shareholders
Capital contributions by minority shareholders
Increase/(decrease) in short-term borrowings,  net
Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 
132967
(41736)
(2692)
4970
71517
165026

1236698
(38258)
(551)
3774
(1382239)
(180576)

Effect of exchange rates on cash
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
1436
35598
69108
104706

2652
17269
51839
69108

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Consolidated Financial Statements 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (IAS)

(euros in thousands)

Share
capital
Balance as at December 31,  1998

Capital
surplus 
115933

7557

Cumulative
translation
adjustments 
116094

227722
(38258)
29608
(2323)


556878

679957
181683
(41736)
(4580)

696825

815324

29608

7557

Net income
Dividend payment
Currency translation
Balance as at December 31,  2000

463208

181683
(41736)

Balance as at December 31,  1999

369898

(2323)
(161)

161

Total 
227722
(38258)

Net income
Dividend payment
Currency translation
Cumulative effect of the adoption
of IAS 19 (revised 1998)
Share capital increase from reserves 
(30180)

Retained
earnings 
(572)

(4580)
116094

7557

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

(5152)

65

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

66

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (IAS)

adidas-Salomon AG,  a listed German stock corporation,  and
its subsidiaries design,  develop,  produce and market a broad
range of athletic and active lifestyle products under the following brand names:
adidas branded products include footwear,  apparel and hardware,  such as bags and balls.  The products are designed and
developed by adidas and are almost exclusively manufactured
by sub-contractors on behalf of adidas. 
Salomon branded products include ski and snowboard equipment (skis,  snowboards,  boots and bindings) which are designed
and manufactured mainly in France and Italy.  In addition to
these winter activity products the product range was expanded
into summer activities such as hiking boots and inline skates. 
TaylorMade develops and assembles or manufactures highquality golf clubs,  balls and equipment. 
Mavic products include rims and wheels for mountain bikes
and road racing. 

Standards and Interpretations of the Standing Interpretations
Committee 'SIC" effective as at December 31,  2000 and 1999respectively. 
The following new standards were adopted effective January 12000:
IAS
IAS
IAS
IAS

16 (revised 1998)
22 (revised 1998)
36
37

IAS 38

'Property,  Plant and Equipment"
'Business Combinations"
'Impairment of Assets"
"Provisions,  Contingent Liabilities
and Contingent Assets"
'Intangible Assets"

All amounts are generally stated in thousands of euros.  The
translation to euros occured through the initial translation of
the annual financial statements,  which were generated in the
respective local currencies,  to German marks (DM).  The
consolidated financial statements were then translated into
euros on the basis of the official DM/euro rate of 195583. 

1.  General 
New Accounting Standards
As of January 1,  2001 the Company will adopt IAS 39 'Financial
Instruments: Recognition and Measurement".  This standard
requires the presentation of all financial instruments at their fair
value in the balance sheet.  At the same time,  rules for hedge
accounting have also been tightened.  Under previous accounting and disclosure rules,  the gains and losses resulting from
hedging positions to protect anticipated future transactions
could be deferred until the due date of the hedged transactions. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements of adidasSalomon AG and its subsidiaries (collectively the 'Company" or
'adidas-Salomon") are prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted by the International Accounting
Standards Committee (International Accounting Standards –
'IAS").  The Company applied all International Accounting 
Under IAS 39,  hedge accounting for financial instruments which
cover anticipated future commercial transactions will be allowed
for hedges with forward contracts when certain conditions
('hedge effectiveness test") are met.  IAS 39 permits limited
hedge accounting with currency options which are 'in-themoney".  To limit option premium payments,  adidas-Salomon 
Other trademarks are erima and Bonfire,  under which apparel
is marketed. 
The Company's headquarters are located in HerzogenaurachGermany. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
has only engaged in currency options which,  at the time of their
purchase,  were 'out-of-the-money". 
Management has decided not to pursue hedge accounting in
its use of currency options,  but to assess their fair value and
record the resulting gains or losses in current income as incurred. 
The consequence is that such gains or losses will not be
recorded at the time of the transactions for which the hedging
transaction had been arranged,  but already at the time the fair
value of the options changes.  In recent years,  virtually all of
adidas-Salomon's currency hedging for future commercial
transactions except for very short periods had been done
with options.  The goal is to limit the potential impact of changes
in the fair value of options on the results.  Therefore,  the Company has decided to focus more on forward contracts. 
Equally,  the Company discontinues hedge accounting for interest
rate caps,  which hedge interest rate risk.  Through 2000,  the
premium paid for such caps was amortized over the coverage
period of the interest rate cap.  From 2001 onwards,  the Company will record changes in the fair value of outstanding caps
in income as incurred. 
The Company believes that the changes through the implementation of IAS 39 will not have any material impact on the Company's financial position or cash flows and its reporting thereon. 
However,  this changed procedure may cause certain volatilities
in earnings reported in the future,  when fair value changes are
recorded in current income for options arranged as a hedge for
future transactions. 
In addition,  the Company will adopt IAS 40 'Investment
Property".  The Company has analyzed the impacts of this
standard and it is believed that it will not have any material
impact on the Company's financial position,  results of
operations or cash flows and its reporting thereon. 

German Statutory Reporting
The Company does not prepare consolidated financial statements under accounting principles generally accepted in Germany (German GAAP) pursuant to the exemption in § 292a
of the German Commercial Code (HGB).  The consolidated
financial statements in accordance with § 292a HGB include
an explanation of differences between IAS and German GAAP. 
The consolidated financial statements with this appendix are
filed with the Commercial Register at the Local Court in Fürth
(Bavaria). 

2.  Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with the consolidation,  accounting and valuation principles described below. 
Certain items previously reported in specific financial statement
captions have been reclassified to conform to the 2000 presentation. 
Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of adidas-Salomon AG and its significant direct and indirect
subsidiaries,  which are prepared under uniform accounting
principles. 
 company is a subsidiary if adidas-Salomon AG controls
directly or indirectly the financial and operating policies of the
respective enterprise. 

67

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

68

The number of consolidated companies evolved as follows for
the years ended December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively:
2000
January 1
Newly founded/
consolidated companies
Divestments/
exclusion from consolidation
Merged companies
December 31

1999

96

98





(3)
(1)
95

(1)
(4)
96

Ten subsidiaries have not been included in the consolidated
financial statements in 2000 (1999: 11 subsidiaries),  since they
have no or little active business and are insignificant to the
financial position,  results of operations and cash flows.  The
shares in these companies are accounted for at the lower of
cost or net realizable value. 
 schedule of the shareholdings of adidas-Salomon AG is
shown in Attachment II to these notes.  A collective listing of
these shareholdings in accordance with § 285 No.  11 and
§ 313 section 2 and 3 of the German Commercial Code will be
filed with the Commercial Register at the Local Court in Fürth
(Bavaria). 
Consolidation of equity is made in compliance with the book
value method by offsetting the initial investments in subsidiaries
against the relevant equity portion at fair value held by the
parent company as at acquisition date. 
All significant inter-company transactions and accounts are
eliminated in consolidation. 

Currency Translation
Assets and liabilities of the Company's non-DM functional
currency subsidiaries are translated into German marks at
closing exchange rates at the balance sheet date.  Revenues
and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates
for the year.  All cumulative differences from the translation
of equity of foreign subsidiaries resulting from changes in
exchange rates are included in a separate caption within
shareholders' equity without affecting income. 
 summary of exchange rates to the euro for major currencies
in which the Company operates is as follows:
Average rate for the year
ended December 31
 1 equals
2000
1999
USD
CAD
AUD
GBP
JPY
KRW

09246
13718
15897
06097
99556
10452

10653
15829
16512
06584
12110
12646

Spot rate at
December 31
2000
1999
09305
13965
16770
06241
10692
11774

10046
14608
15422
06217
10273
11362

Effective January 1,  1999 the European Monetary Union commenced and the exchange rates between the participating currencies and the euro were irrevocably fixed.  One euro equals
195583 German marks. 
In the individual financial statements of Group companiesmonetary items denominated in a foreign currency are generally
measured at closing exchange rates at the balance sheet date. 
The resulting currency gains and losses are recorded directly
in income. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents represent cash and short-term,  highly
liquid investments with maturities of three months and less. 
Receivables
Receivables are stated at nominal amounts less allowances for
doubtful accounts.  These allowances are determined on the
basis of individual risk assessment and past experience of losses. 
Inventories
Merchandise and finished goods are valued at the lower of cost
or net realizable value.  Costs are determined using a standard
valuation method which approximates the first-in,  first-out
method or the average cost method.  Costs of finished goods
include cost of raw materials,  direct labor and manufacturing
overheads.  The lower of cost or net realizable value allowances
are computed consistently throughout the Company based on
the age and expected future sales of the items on hand. 
Property,  Plant and Equipment
Property,  plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.  Depreciation is computed on a declining
balance or straight-line basis on useful lives as follows:

Impairment
In the event that facts and circumstances indicate that the
costs of long-lived assets are impaired,  an evaluation of
recoverability is performed.  An exceptional write-down is made
if the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount. 
Finance Leases
If under a lease agreement substantially all risks and rewards
associated with an asset are transferred to the Companythe asset and the corresponding liability are recognized at the
fair value of the asset or the lower net present value of the
minimum lease payments. 
Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets
Acquired goodwill and intangible assets are valued at cost less
accumulated amortization. 
Goodwill is the excess of the purchase cost over the fair value
of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired.  Goodwill arising from the acquisition of a foreign entity and any fair value
adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities of
that foreign entity are treated as assets of the reporting entity
and are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the date of
the initial consolidation. 

Years
Buildings
Leasehold improvements
Equipment,  machinery and furniture and fittings 
10–50
5–20
2–10

Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred.  Significant renewals and improvements are capitalized. 

Amortization is calculated on a straight-line basis with the
following useful lives:
Years
Goodwill
Patents,  trademarks and concessions
Software
Expenditures for internally generated intangible assets are
expensed as incurred. 

5–20
5–10
3–5

69

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

70

Research and Development
Research costs are expensed as incurred.  Development costs
are also expensed as incurred and are not capitalized due to
the short product life cycle of sporting goods. 
The Company spent approximately c 91 million and c 77 million
on product research and development for the years ended
December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively. 
Liabilities
Liabilities are accrued at their settlement amount. 
Provisions
Provisions are recognized where a present legal or constructive obligation has been incurred which will probably lead to
an outflow of resources which can be reasonably estimated. 
Pensions and Similar Obligations
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations comprise the
provision obligation of the Company under defined benefit and
contribution plans.  The obligation under defined benefit plans is
determined using the projected unit credit method in accordance
with IAS 19 (revised 1998). 
Recognition of Revenues
Revenues are recognized when title passes based on the terms
of the sale.  Sales are recorded net of returns,  discounts,  allowances and sales taxes. 
Advertising and Promotional Expenditures
Production costs for media campaigns are shown under prepaid expenses until the advertising takes place for the first timeafter which they are expensed in full.  Significant media buying
costs (e.g.  broadcasting fees) are expensed over the original
duration of the campaign on a straight-line basis. 

Promotional expenses,  including one-time upfront payments for
promotional contracts,  are generally expensed pro rata over the
term of the agreement. 
Interest
Interest is recognized as an expense as incurred. 
Income Taxes
Current income taxes are computed in accordance with the
rules for taxation established in the countries in which the
Company operates. 
The Company computes deferred taxes for all temporary
differences between the carrying amount and the tax basis
of its assets and liabilities and tax loss carryforwards. 
Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences
and tax loss carryforwards which exceed taxable temporary
differences are only recognized to the extent that it is probable
that the company concerned will generate sufficient taxable
income to realize the associated benefit. 
Derivative Financial Instruments
Until the end of December 31,  2000,  exchange gains and losses
on outstanding forward currency contracts and currency options
which hedge anticipated future transactions are deferred and
recognized in income when the underlying transaction takes
place.  Exchange gains and losses on forward contracts and
currency options which are discontinued or no longer serve as
 hedge for an anticipated future transaction are charged to
income as incurred. 
Interest rate cap premiums are amortized over the useful life
of the caps.  Amortized cap premiums are included in interest
expenses,  as part of the financial result. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
See also note 1,  chapter 'New accounting standards" regarding
the treatment of derivative financial instruments under IAS 39beginning January 1,  2001. 
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IAS
requires Management to make assumptions and estimates that
affect reported amounts and related disclosures.  Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

adidas Village Corporation,  Portland (United States),  a property
investment company,  which owns the property of the new office
buildings currently under construction of adidas America in
Portland,  was incorporated on September 23,  1999. 
Effective March 9,  2000 adidas-Salomon assumed full ownership of its former joint venture company adidas Portugal Lda. Lisbon (Portugal),  by acquiring the remaining share of 49%. 

4.  Cash and Cash Equivalents
3.  Acquisitions/Founding of Subsidiaries
Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:
adidas Japan K. K.,  Tokyo (Japan),  a wholly owned subsidiarywas founded on February 19,  1998.  In the first quarter of 1999
this company took over the distribution of adidas branded
products from the former independent distributor and licensee. 
adidas International Trading B. V.,  Amsterdam (Netherlands),  a
wholly owned subsidiary,  was founded on September 7,  1998. 
This company became operative effective January 1,  1999 and
is in the process of assuming full responsibility for European
inventory management and global sourcing activities through its
subsidiary adidas-Salomon International Sourcing Ltd.,  Hong
Kong.  In 1999 this company assumed responsibility for the
inventory of the adidas brand in the United Kingdom.  During
2000 the legal ownership of the inventories of adidas SpainPortugal and Germany was transferred. 
adidas Suomi OY,  Helsinki (Finland),  a joint venture with the
former distributor and licensee in Finland,  was founded on
July 27,  1999.  Beginning January 1,  2000,  this joint venture
started its operations. 

(euros in thousands)

Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

Cash at banks and in hand
Marketable securities
Cash and cash equivalents 
90549
14157
104706

66569
2539
69108

The majority of marketable securities relates to commercial
papers with a maximum maturity of 90 days. 
In addition to short-term cash,  adidas Korea has cash accounts
with maturities exceeding 12 months in the amount of c 1 million
(1999: c 1 million),  which are included in other non current
assets (see also note 11). 

71

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

72

5.  Accounts Receivable 
7.  Other Current Assets 
Accounts receivable are as follows:

Other current assets consist of the following:

(euros in thousands)

Accounts receivable,  gross
Less: allowance for
doubtful accounts
Accounts receivable,  net 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

1220862

1121168

87759
1133103

88291
1032877

6.  Inventories
Inventories by major classification are as follows:
(euros in thousands)

Finished goods and
merchandise on hand
Goods in transit and
advance payments
Raw materials
Work in progress
Inventories,  gross
Less: allowance for obsolescence
Inventories,  net 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

917536

818664

431819
47881
11500
1408736
114703
1294033

313848
34190
5631
1172333
127089
1045244

The allowance for obsolescence mainly relates to inventories on
hand.  Goods in transit relate mainly to shipments from suppliers
in the Far East to subsidiaries in Europe and the Americas. 

(euros in thousands)

Prepaid expenses current portion
Taxes receivable
Premiums for derivative financial
instruments current portion
Security deposits
Receivables from
affiliated companies
Investment property held for sale
Sundry
Other current assets,  gross
Less: allowance
Other current assets,  net 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

88043
83871

75572
57244

16195
11333

20883
11065

1657
15926
42833
259858
5675
254183

4662
–
35540
204966
3544
201422

Prepaid expenses relate mainly to promotion agreements. 
Investment property held for sale relates to parts of the land
of the new international headquarters 'World of Sports" which
are owned by the GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG.  It is reclassified from property,  plant
and equipment,  as it is planned to be sold. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
8.  Property,  Plant and Equipment 
Goodwill amortization expense is c 40 million and c 39 million for
the years ended December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively;
thereof c 29 million in each year relate to the acquisition of the
Salomon group. 

Property,  plant and equipment consist of the following:
(euros in thousands)

Land,  land rights and buildings
Technical equipment and machinery
Other equipment,  furniture
and fittings
Less: accumulated depreciation
Advance payments and
construction in progress,  net
Property,  plant and
equipment,  net 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

218563
112277

188169
106909

250242
581082
312211
268871

228064
523142
263471
259671

41197

24525

310068

284196

The change in the goodwill for the Salomon group relates to
subsequent acquisition costs for the acquisition of Salomon
S. A.  (see also note 29). 

10.  Other Intangible Assets
Other intangible assets consist of the following:
(euros in thousands)

Depreciation expense is c 74 million and c 65 million for the
years ended December 31,  2000 and 1999 respectively. 

Software,  patents,  trademarks
and concessions,  gross
Less: accumulated amortization
Advance payments,  net
Other intangible assets,  net 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

142209
64585
77624

77633

108343
43877
64466
8933
73399

9.  Goodwill
Goodwill primarily relates to the Company's acquisitions of the
Salomon group and subsidiaries in the United States,  Australia/
New Zealand and the Netherlands/Belgium. 
(euros in thousands)

Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

Goodwill
Thereof relating to the acquisition
of the Salomon group
Less: accumulated amortization
Goodwill,  net 
746077

740419

582561
145049
601028

581386
104825
635594

Intangible asset amortization expense is c 22 million and
 15 million for the years ended December 31,  2000 and 1999respectively. 

73

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

74

11.  Other Non Current Assets 
12.  Borrowings and Credit Lines 
Other non current assets consist of the following:

Short-term borrowings consist of bank borrowings,  discounted
trade bills and Commercial Papers.  Long-term borrowings
consist of bank borrowings and Private Placements. 

(euros in thousands)

Prepaid expenses –
non current portion
Financial assets,  net
Premiums for derivative financial
instruments non current portion
Security deposits
Cash deposits
Sundry
Other non current assets 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

67593
16388

86940
12227

8555
3698
1468
14941
112643

5457
–
1254
5307
111185

Prepaid expenses mainly include prepayments for long-term
promotional contracts and service contracts (see also note 27
and 19,  respectively). 
Financial assets include shares in unconsolidated affiliated
companies of c 3 million and c 4 million as at December 312000 and 1999,  respectively.  Financial assets further include
investments,  which are mainly related to a deferred compensation plan (see also note 15). 
Cash deposits with maturities exceeding 12 months relate to
adidas Korea. 

Commercial Papers were issued under a c 750 million German
Multi-Currency Commercial Paper Program and a c 300 million
Belgian Treasury Notes Program.  As at December 31,  2000Commercial Papers are outstanding in the total nominal amount
of c 282 million (1999: c 67 million). 
Borrowings are denominated in a variety of currencies in which
the Company is doing business.  The largest portions of net
borrowings as at December 31,  2000 are denominated in
euros (551%) and US dollars (321%) (1999: euros 474%US dollars 387%). 
Month-end weighted average interest rates on borrowings in all
currencies range from 43% to 57% and from 38% to 49% for
the years ended December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively. 
As at December 31,  2000 the Company has cash credit lines
and other long-term financing arrangements in a total amount
of c 36 billion outstanding (1999: c 36 billion); unused credit
lines amount to c 20 billion (1999: c 20 billion).  The higher
amount of borrowings was mainly arranged with Commercial
Papers.  In addition,  the Company has separate lines for the
issuance of letters of credit in an amount of approximately
 07 billion (1999: c 07 billion). 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Short-term borrowings which are backed by committed mediumterm credit lines are classified as long-term borrowings.  The
committed medium-term lines contain a negative-pledge clause
and a minimum-equity covenant.  As at December 31,  2000actual shareholders' equity is well above the amount of the
minimum-equity covenant. 
The amounts disclosed as long-term borrowings represent
outstanding borrowings under the following arrangements:
Dec.  31
2000

(euros in millions)

Committed medium-term lines
Long-term loan agreements
Private Placements
Other
Total 
Dec.  31
1999

1389
45
183
–
1617

1339
51
92

1484

The above agreements have aggregated expiration dates as
follows:
Dec.  31
2000

(euros in millions)

Between 1 and
Between 2 and
Between 3 and
Between 4 and
After 5 years
Total 

3

5

years
years
years
years 
Dec.  31
1999

203
284
1014
52
64
1617

92
401
874
91
26
1484

Please refer to note 20 for the protection against interest rate
risks. 

75

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

76

13.  Accrued Liabilities and Provisions
Accrued liabilities and provisions consist of the following:
(euros in millions)

Goods and services not yet invoiced
Marketing
Payroll,  commissions and employee benefits
Returns,  allowances,  warranty
Restructuring
Taxes,  other than income taxes
Other
Accrued liabilities and provisions 
Dec.  31
1999

Currency
effect 
Usage 
Release 
Additions 
Dec.  31
2000

90
68
54
45
42

90
393


3

2
12

76
38
34
27
15

17
209

19
11

11

2
32
83

86
58
45
31
18

31
277

86
80
62
40
42

72
390

Provisions for marketing mainly consist of provisions for distribution,  such as discounts,  rebates and sales commissionsand promotion. 
Restructuring provisions relate to restructuring plans in connection with the acquisition of the Salomon group,  which focus on
the integration of the Salomon group into the adidas structure. 
The plans include further integration activities and will be completed by the end of the year 2001.  In addition,  provisions for
the reorganization of warehouse capacities in France,  Switzerland,  Benelux and Portugal were set up in 2000. 
Other accrued liabilities and provisions mainly include items not
otherwise allocated and also anticipated losses from purchase
and other transactions and contingent losses from pending
lawsuits. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
The funds withheld are invested by the Company on behalf of
the employees in certain securities,  which are presented under
other non current assets (see also note 11). 

14.  Other Current Liabilities
Other current liabilities consist of the following:
(euros in thousands)

Liabilities due to personnel
Tax liabilities other than income taxes
Liabilities due to social security
Liabilities due to affiliated companies
Deferred income
Sundry
Other current liabilities 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

12196
14985
16644
2459
339
43765
90388

22155
21270
7213
1757
1194
42890
96479

15.  Pensions and Similar Obligations
The Company sponsors and/or contributes to various pension
plans.  The benefits are provided pursuant to the legal,  fiscal
and economic conditions in each respective country. 
The provision for pensions and similar obligations consists of
the following:
(euros in thousands)

Defined benefit plans
Thereof: adidas-Salomon AG
Similar obligations
Pensions and similar obligations 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

70071
60357
14950
85021

68611
54261
11656
80267

The actuarial valuations of defined benefit plans are made at
the end of each reporting period.  Similar obligations include
mainly long-term liabilities under a deferred compensation plan. 

The expenses recognized for defined benefit and contribution
plans are presented in selling,  general and administrative
expenses.  Pension expenses are as follows:
(euros in thousands)

Defined benefit plans
Thereof: adidas-Salomon AG
Defined contribution plans
Pension expenses 
2000

1999

11072
7798
10410
21482

16159
10128
9051
25210

Defined Benefit Plans
The retirement plans of adidas-Salomon AG cover substantially
all employees.  They are financed internally through provisions. 
In 1999 one plan of adidas-Salomon AG was financed,  subject
to funding limitations in the German tax law,  through a legally
independent pension fund 'Unterstützungseinrichtung der Firma
adidas-Salomon AG e. V. ". 
adidas-Salomon AG provided for the excess of the obligation
arising from this plan over the amounts contributed to the fund
pursuant to IAS 19 (revised 1998).  Further,  adidas-Salomon AG
has borrowed approximately c 11 million from this fund as at
December 31,  1999,  which was included in the provision for
pensions.  Effective December 31,  2000 all assets and liabilities
as well as future obligations from the above mentioned independent pension fund are transferred to adidas-Salomon AG. 
Additionally,  the Company sponsors various other defined
benefit plans outside Germany,  which are not significant.  The
disclosures below relate hence solely to the defined benefit
plans of adidas-Salomon AG. 

77

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

78

The provision for pensions of adidas-Salomon AG evolved as
follows:

The pension obligation of adidas-Salomon AG can be analyzed
as follows:

(euros in thousands)

(euros in thousands)

Provision for pensions as at Jan.  1,  1999
Cumulative adjustment due to the
adoption of IAS 19 (revised 1998)
Restated provision for pensions
as at Jan.  1,  1999
Pension expense
Pensions paid
Provision for pensions as at Dec.  31,  1999
Pension expense
Pensions paid
Provision for pensions as at Dec.  31,  2000

3944
45397
10128
(1264)
54261
7798
(1702)
60357

Present value of the defined
benefit obligation
Unrecognized actuarial gain
Provision for pensions 
57968
2389
60357

50284
3977
54261

On the basis of the actuarial valuation as at December 31,  2000
and 1999 it is not necessary to recognize the actuarial gain
pursuant to the corridor approach of IAS 19 section 92 (revised
1998). 
Pension expense attributable to the defined benefit plans of
adidas-Salomon AG comprises:
(euros in thousands)

Discount rate
Salary increases
Pension increases 
Dec.  31
1999

41453

Actuarial assumptions for the defined benefit plans of adidasSalomon AG are as follows:
(in %)

Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

625
17 30
17 20

60
17 30
17 20

Actuarial assumptions for employee turnover and mortality are
based on empirical data,  the latter on the 1998 version of the
mortality tables of Dr.  Heubeck as in the prior year. 

Current service cost
Interest cost
Past service cost
Release of provision
Pension expense 
2000

1999

4599
3046
153
–
7798

4016
2490
4134
(512)
10128

Past service cost in 2000 relates to an additional pension plan
set up at the end of 2000.  Past service cost in 1999 relates to
plan amendments. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
16.  Other Non Current Liabilities 
18.  Shareholders' Equity 
Other non current liabilities include mainly obligations under
finance leases (see also note 19).  Liabilities falling due after
more than five years total c 5 million and c 5 million as at
December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively. 

The nominal capital amounts to c 116093952 and is divided
into 45349200 no-par-value shares. 

17.  Minority Interests
Minority interests are attributable to 12 subsidiaries and 11
subsidiaries as at December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively
(see Attachment II to these notes). 
These subsidiaries had been mainly set up together with former
independent distributors and licensees for the adidas brand. 
Salomon & Taylor Made Co.,  Ltd.,  Tokyo (Japan),  is a public
company,  which is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange since
1995. 
Minority interests evolved as follows in the years ended December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively:
(euros in thousands)

Minority interests as at Jan.  1
Currency effect
Changes in companies consolidated
Capital injections
Acquisition of minority interests
Shares sold to third parties
Share in net profit
Dividends
Minority interests as at Dec.  31

2000

1999

63425
(1505)
500
344
225
4126
25327
(2692)
89750

38374
4157
–
3796
125
–
17524
(551)
63425

By resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting held on May 112000,  the shareholders of adidas-Salomon AG approved the
cancellation of the authorized capital pursuant to § 4 section 2
and § 4 section 3 of the Articles of Association as well as the
creation of the new authorized capital according to § 4 section 2
and § 4 section 3. 
The corresponding changes to the Articles of Association were
entered into the Commercial Register on July 27,  2000. 
By resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting held on May 281997 the shareholders approved the amendment of the authorized capital pursuant to § 4 section 4 (authorized capital III). 
An action of rescission was filed against this resolution. 
The conversion into euros of the authorized capital pursuant to
§ 4 section 4,  being still subject of the action of rescissionwas approved by the shareholders by resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting held on May 20,  1999. 
The corresponding changes to the Articles of Association were
entered into the Commercial Register on October 10,  2000
after the court rejected the action of rescission. 

79

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

80

Authorized Capital
Pursuant to § 4 sections 2 to 4 of the Articles of Association of
adidas-Salomon AG,  the Executive Board shall be entitledsubject to Supervisory Board approval,  to increase the nominal
capital
until July 26,  2005
 by issuing new shares against contributions in cash once or
several times by no more than c 42800000 altogether andsubject to Supervisory Board approval,  to exclude fractional
shares from shareholders' subscription rights (authorized
capital I); and
 by issuing new shares against contributions in cash once or
several times by no more than c 8000000 altogether andsubject to Supervisory Board approval,  to exclude shareholders' subscription rights as far as fractional shares are
concerned or when issuing new shares at a value not essentially below stock exchange value (authorized capital II); and
until October 9,  2002
 by issuing new shares against contributions in cash or in
kind once or several times by no more than c 357904317
altogether and,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to
exclude shareholders' subscription rights (authorized
capital III). 

Contingent Capital
Pursuant to § 4 section 5 of the Articles of Association the
nominal capital shall be increased conditionally by up to
 3500000 through the issue of not more than 1367187
no-par-value shares (contingent capital) for the granting of
stock options to members of the Executive Board of adidasSalomon AG as well as to Managing Directors/Senior Vice
Presidents of its affiliated companies as well as to further
senior executives and executives of adidas-Salomon AG and
of its affiliated companies. 
Distributable Profits and Dividends
Distributable profits to shareholders are determined by reference
to the retained earnings of adidas-Salomon AG calculated
under German Commercial Law. 
The dividend for 1999 was DM 180 (c 092) per share.  The
Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG recommends a dividend
of c 092 for 2000,  subject to approval of shareholders.  The tax
credit for domestic shareholders will be c 020 per share for
2000 (1999: DM 077 (c 039) ),  which results in a gross dividend
of c 112 (1999: DM 257 (c 131) ) per share (see also note 24). 
It is proposed accordingly that retained earnings of adidasSalomon AG as at December 31,  2000 be appropriated as
follows:
(euros in thousands)

Retained earnings of adidas-Salomon AG
as at December 31,  2000
Less: dividend of c 092 per ordinary share
Retained earnings carried forward 
41739
41721
18

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
19.  Leasing and Service Arrangements
Operating Leases
The Company leases offices,  warehouses and equipment under
leases expiring between one and eight years.  Rent expenses
aggregated c 99 million and c 77 million for the years ended
December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively. 
Future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating
leases are as follows:
(euros in millions)

Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

60
101
21
182

58
89
27
174

Finance Leases
Additionally,  the Company leases several premises for administration,  warehousing,  research and development as well as production,  which are classified as finance leases. 
The net carrying amount of these assets of c 14 million and
 16 million is included in land and buildings as at December
31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively.  Interest expense is c 1 million
and depreciation expense is c 2 million for the year ended
December 31,  2000. 

The minimum lease payments under these contracts over their
remaining terms up to 2008 and their net present value are as
follows:
(euros in thousands)

Lease payments falling due:
Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total lease payments
Less: estimated amount
representing interest
Obligation under finance leases
Thereof: current
non current 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

1952
6566
4297
12815

2250
6970
5864
15084

3420
9395
1219
8176

4295
10789
1370
9419

The non current portion of the obligation under finance leases
includes amounts with terms of more than five years of c 4 million
and c 5 million as at December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively. 
Service Arrangements
The Company out-sourced certain logistic and information
technology functions,  for which it has entered into long-term
contracts.  Financial commitments under these contracts
mature as follows:
(euros in millions)

Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
Total 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

34
63
97

31
88
119

81

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

82

20.  Financial Instruments
The Company uses derivative financial instruments to reduce
exposure to market risks resulting from fluctuation in currency
exchange and interest rates. 

The notional amounts of all outstanding currency hedging
instruments can be summarized as follows:
(euros in millions)

Management of Foreign Exchange Risk
The Company is subject to currency exposure,  primarily due to
an imbalance of its global cash flows caused by the high share
of product sourcing from suppliers in the Far East,  which invoice
in US dollars,  while sales other than in US dollars are invoiced
mainly in European currencies,  but also in Japanese yen,  Canadian dollars and other currencies. 

Forward contracts
Currency options
Total 
It is the Company's policy to hedge identified currency risks
arising from future operations when it becomes exposed.  In
addition,  the Company hedges balance sheet risk selectively. 

(US dollars in millions)

For the management of its currency risks,  the Company uses
forward contracts and currency options.  The portion of options
relative to forward contracts was reduced during 2000. 

Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

800
544
1344

195
828
1023

Out of the total amount of outstanding hedges,  the following
contracts relate to the coverage of the biggest single exposurethe US dollar:

Forward contracts
Currency options
Total 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

330
466
796

117
832
949

The valuation of the above instruments is as follows:
In 2000,  the Company incurred currency option premiums in
 total amount of c 140 million (1999: c 239 million).  The total
amount of option premiums,  which was charged to income
in 2000,  was c 203 million (1999: c 189 million).  Paid option
premiums in an amount of c 129 million and c 181 million were
deferred as at December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively. 
The total amount of US dollar purchases against other currencies was $14 billion and $10 billion in the years ended
December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively. 

(euros in millions)

Currency options
Forward contracts
Fair value
Currency options
Forward contracts
Book value
Unrecognized gain 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

20

24
13
(0)
13
11

23

25
18
(0)
18


The book value of the currency options represents capitalized
premiums paid. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Management of Interest Rate Risks
The Company is taking advantage of lower short-term interest
rates,  compared to the available longer-term rates of most
leading currencies,  but it has limited its exposure with regard
to possible future interest rate increases with interest rate cap
spreads in a structure which approximates the anticipated
currency composition of its worldwide borrowings.  These
contracts protect the Company's borrowings in a notional
amount of c 18 billion (1999: c 15 billion) against a rise of the
weighted average interest rate above 65% (1999: 56%).  Out
of this amount,  the protection ends for c 16 billion (1999:
 10 billion) at a weighted average rate of 89% (1999: 84%). 
Supplementary information on interest rate caps is as follows:
(euros in millions)

Notional amount
Fair value
Book value
Unrecognized (loss)/gain 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

1789

1475


12
(7)

12

4

As at December 31,  2000,  the remaining life of these caps is
up to 60 years (1999: 69 years),  with a weighted average
of 36 years (1999: 30 years).  The interest rate caps expire
as detailed below:
Dec.  31
2000

(euros in millions)

Within 1 year
Between 1 and
Between 2 and
Between 3 and
Between 4 and
Between 5 and
Between 6 and
Total 

3

5

7

years
years
years
years
years
years 
Dec.  31
1999

281
230
246
211
224
597
–
1789

307
281
230
246
179
154
78
1475

Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The carrying amount of cash,  cash equivalents and borrowings
approximates fair value due to the short-term maturities of these
instruments.  The fair value of forward exchange contracts and
currency options was determined on the basis of the market
conditions on the reporting dates.  The fair value of the interest
rate caps on the reporting date was assessed by the financial
institutions through which these caps had been arranged. 
Credit Risk
The Company arranges its currency and interest rate hedgesand it invests its cash,  with major banks of a high credit standing throughout the world,  and in high-quality money-market
instruments. 

83

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

84

21.  Operating Expenses
Operating expenses include expenses for sales,  marketing and
research and development,  as well as for logistics and central
finance and administration.  In addition they include depreciation
on tangible and amortization on intangible assets,  with the
exception of goodwill amortization. 
 significant part of the operating expenses is comprised by
the Marketing Working Budget.  The Marketing Working Budget
consists of promotion and communication spending such as
promotion contracts,  advertising,  retail support,  events and
other communication activities,  however it does not include
marketing overhead expenses.  For the year 2000,  Marketing
Working Budget accounted for approximately 38% (1999: 38%)
of the total operating expenses. 

22.  Cost by Nature
Expenses are presented by function in the income statement. 
Supplementary information on the expenses by nature is detailed
below. 
Cost of Materials
The total costs of materials are c 3234 million and c 2923 million
for the years ending December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively. 

Personnel Expenses
Personnel expenses are as follows:
2000

481
74
25
580

2000

Wages and salaries
Social security contributions
Pension expense
Personnel expenses 
1999

533
73
24
630

(euros in millions)

1999

23.  Financial Result
Financial result consists of the following:
(euros in thousands)

Interest income
Interest expense
Interest expense,  net
Income from investments
Write-up of investments
Option premiums regarding
discontinued currency options
Other net,  primarily
net exchange losses
Financial result
Please refer also to note 20. 

12612
(108517)
(95905)
474
3126

(1650)
(93954)

7284
(84933)
(77649)
441
–
(2096)
(4567)
(83871)

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
24.  Income Taxes
In general,  adidas-Salomon AG and its German subsidiaries are
subject to corporate tax and trade tax. 
For undistributed earnings,  a corporate tax rate of 40% (1999:
40%) plus a surcharge of 55% (1999: 55%) thereon is applied. 
Upon distribution of domestic earnings,  which had been subject
to corporate tax at 40%,  10 percentage points of corporate
tax and the attributable surcharge thereon are refunded to the
Company.  Shareholders who are subject to German income tax
are further entitled to a tax credit of the remaining 30 percentage
points of corporate income tax paid by adidas-Salomon AG. 
The municipal trade tax is approximately 15% of taxable incomeand is deductible in the determination of income for corporation
tax purposes. 
Until December 31,  1999 the Company's deferred tax assets
and liabilities related to its German operations were measured
at a tax rate determined on the basis of the reduced corporate
tax rate for distributed earnings.  The Company recognized
also a deferred tax asset for a corporate income tax refund
receivable upon distribution of dividends pursuant to recommendations of German professional bodies on the application
of IAS 12 (revised 1996). 
As part of the German tax reform,  the corporate tax credit and
split tax rate system are abolished effective January 1,  2001. 
The German corporate tax rate will be reduced to 25%. 
 transition rule is in place for 2001,  which allows the application
of the corporate tax credit system on the level of the domestic
shareholder for the last time for dividends paid for fiscal 2000. 
Earnings which are eligible for a corporate tax credit will be fully
distributed by adidas-Salomon AG in 2001. 

As at December 31,  2000 the Company uses a blended tax
rate of 37% for the measurement of future trade and corporate
tax (incl.  a surcharge of 55%) consequences of temporary
differences related to its German operations. 
Deferred taxes of the Company are attributable to the items
detailed in the table below:
(euros in thousands)

Non current assets
Current assets
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Future benefit from
dividend distributions
Accumulated tax loss carryforwards
Deferred tax assets
Valuation allowances
Non current assets
Current assets
Untaxed reserves
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets,  net 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

9577
70889
61649

14540
90431
72092


113022
255137

6033
71545
254641

(101156)

(87293)

18787
8752
26225
902
54666
99315

15278
5737
17306
6572
44893
122455

Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that the
realization of the related benefit is probable.  Based on the past
performance and the prospects of the business for the foreseeable future,  valuation allowances are established where this
criterion is not met. 

85

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

86

Valuation allowances refer to deferred tax assets of companies
which are operating in the start-up phase or certain emerging
markets,  since the realization of the related tax benefits is not
probable.  Further,  adidas Salomon North America Inc.  has tax
loss carryforwards,  which can in part only be utilized in limited
annual amounts through to 2007,  for which a valuation allowance
is established for amounts in excess of income projections. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if they relate to the
same fiscal authority.  Hence they are presented on the balance
sheet as follows:
(euros in thousands)

Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets,  net 
131063
(31748)
99315

134349
(11894)
122455

Current tax expense
Deferred tax expense
Income tax expense 
2000

2000

1999

112726
26884
139610

159034
(6070)
152964

1999

(euros in
millions)

Expected income
tax expense
Tax rate differential
Non deductible
goodwill amortization
Other non deductible
expenses
Change in tax rates
Losses for which benefits
were not recognizable
and changes in valuation
allowances
Other,  net
Withholding tax expense
Income tax expense 
Tax expense is split as follows:
(euros in thousands)

The reconciliation of the effective tax rate of adidas-Salomon to
the German corporate tax rate of 40% is as follows:

(in %)

(euros in
millions)

(in %)

1386
(390)

400
(113)

1593
(386)

400
(97)

157

46

156

39

173
(07)

50
(02)

146
–

37
–

03
22
1344
52
1396

01
06
388
15
403

(19)
18
1508
22
1530

(05)
05
379
05
384

The Company does not recognize deferred tax liabilities for
unremitted earnings of non-German subsidiaries,  which are
expected to be permanently invested in international operations. 
The earnings could become subject to additional tax if they
were remitted as dividends,  or if foreign earnings were loaned
to the Company,  or if the Company should sell its shareholdings
in the subsidiaries. 
The Company estimates that the distribution of these earnings
would result in c 17 million and c 14 million of additional withholding taxes as at December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
25.  Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share are computed as follows:
2000
Net income (in euros)
Weighted number of ordinary
shares outstanding
Earnings per share (in euros)

1999

181683000

227722000

45349200
401

45349200
502

Potential dilutive shares may arise under the stock option plan
of adidas-Salomon AG,  which was implemented in 1999.  The
calculation of diluted earnings per share is not applicable as
at December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively as none of the
required performance criteria for the exercise of the stock options
are fulfilled at the balance sheet date (see also note 29). 

26.  Segmental Information
The Company operates predominately in one industry segmentthe design,  wholesale and marketing of athletic and lifestyle
products.  The Company is currently managed by brands and
on the basis of a regional structure. 
Certain functions of the Company are centralized and an allocation to specific segments is not considered to be meaningful. 
Assets,  liabilities,  income and expenses relating to these corporate functions are presented in the Headquarter/Consolidation
column together with non-allocable items and the inter-segment
elimination. 

87

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

88

Information about the Company's segments in accordance with the management approach is presented below:
Segmental Information by Brand
(euros in millions)

adidas 
TaylorMadeadidas Golf
2000
1999

2000

1999

Salomon
2000
1999

Net sales third parties
Gross profit
in % of net sales
Operating profit 
4672
1907
408
391

4427
1827
411
431

648
276
426
57

543
217
396
31

441
221
495
44

327
160
484
30

Assets
Liabilities
Capital expenditure
Amortization and depreciation
excluding goodwill amortization 
2286
946
93

1987
802
59

542
140
23

509
159
15

219
44
12

156
51
10

45

49









(euros in millions)

Mavic 
Headquarter/
Consolidation
2000
1999

2000
Net sales third parties
Gross profit
in % of net sales
Operating profit
Assets
Liabilities
Capital expenditure
Amortization and depreciation
excluding goodwill amortization 
1999

55
20
364


44
16
363


19
104

13
132

(59)

24
18


24
13






adidas-Salomon
2000
1999

(11)

5835
2528
433
437

5354
2352
439
482

947
1965
16

911
1819
45

4018
3113
145

3587
2844
132

23



79

63

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Segmental Information by Region
North
America 
(euros in millions)

Europe 
Asia 
2000

1999

2000

1999

2000

1999

Total net sales
Inter-segment sales
Net sales third parties
Gross profit
in % of net sales
Operating profit 
2870
(10)
2860
1171
408
454

2889
(166)
2723
1133
416
382

1935
(29)
1906
729
377
177

1860
(34)
1826
731
400
234

880
(5)
875
416
472
129

666
(3)
663
301
454
96

Assets
Liabilities
Capital expenditure
Amortization and depreciation
excluding goodwill amortization 
1107
239
55

1167
390
40

862
322
54

848
339
26

455
215
17

390
164
18

22

20

16

12

10



(euros in millions)

Latin America
2000
1999

Headquarter/
Consolidation
2000
1999

Total net sales
Inter-segment sales
Net sales third parties
Gross profit
in % of net sales
Operating profit 
171

171
72
421
23

126

126
50
398
15

2797
(2774)
23
140

1995
(1978)
16
137

(346)

Assets
Liabilities
Capital expenditure
Amortization and depreciation
excluding goodwill amortization 
109
38


75
20






adidas-Salomon
2000
1999

(245)

8653
(2818)
5835
2528
433
437

7536
(2182)
5354
2352
439
482

1485
2299
16

1107
1931
45

4018
3113
145

3587
2844
132

29

25

79

63

89

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

90

Compared to the prior year,  the composition of the segments of
adidas-Salomon has changed,  reflecting the further integration
and reorganization of certain central functions.  In additionthe management responsibility for adidas Golf products was
transferred to TaylorMade.  Comparative information has been
restated in order to improve comparability. 
Net sales to third parties are shown in the geographic market in
which the revenues are realized.  Inter-segment sales represent
sales to operational units not belonging to the same region;
the global sourcing function is shown in the Headquarter/Consolidation column. 
Transactions between the segments,  as well as between legal
entities,  are based on the dealing-at-arms'-length principle.  However,  certain charges between legal entities are not reflected
in the above reporting format. 
Segment assets include all operating assets and comprise
mainly accounts receivable,  inventory,  property,  plant and
equipment as well as intangible assets.  Segment liabilities
comprise operating liabilities and consist principally of trade
and other payables and accrued liabilities and provisions. 
Non-allocable items include goodwill,  financial assets,  assets
and liabilities relating to income taxes and borrowings,  which
are included in the Headquarter/Consolidation column. 
Capital expenditure,  amortization and depreciation relate to
segment assets; the acquisition of goodwill and the inception
of finance leases do not affect capital expenditure. 

27.  Commitments and Contingencies
Contingent Liabilities
As at December 31,  2000 and 1999,  respectively,  the Company had bills discounted in the amount of approximately
 9 million and c 5 million.  In addition,  the Company was contingently liable for guarantees of indebtedness for liabilities
due to banks in the amount of approximately c 1 million as at
December 31,  1999. 
Other Financial Commitments
The Company has other financial commitments for promotion
and advertising contracts,  which mature as follows:
(euros in millions)

Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total 
Dec.  31
2000

Dec.  31
1999

202
472
103
777

193
499
103
795

Commitments in respect of advertising and promotion maturing
after five years have remaining terms of up to eight years from
December 31,  2000. 
In addition,  purchase commitments for property,  plant and
equipment are c 7 million and c 1 million as at December 312000 and 1999,  respectively,  which are maturing within one
year. 
For commitments under lease and service contracts refer to
note 19. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Litigation
The Company is currently engaged in various lawsuits resulting
from the normal course of business,  mainly in connection with
license and distribution agreements.  The risks regarding these
lawsuits were estimated and are included under accrued liabilities
and provisions (see also note 13).  In the opinion of Management,  the ultimate liabilities resulting from such claims will
not materially affect the consolidated financial position of the
Company. 

28.  Related Parties
Robert Louis-Dreyfus and Christian Tourres,  members of the
Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG,  have indirect influence
on the French soccer club Olympique de Marseille.  The Company has a promotion contract with this club. 
Furthermore,  Robert Louis-Dreyfus has indirect influence on the
Belgian soccer club Standard Liège.  There is also a promotion
contract between the Company and this club,  which,  howeverexisted prior to the personal engagement of Robert LouisDreyfus,  and no substantial changes have been made to this
contract since then. 
The terms of the promotion contracts with both clubs are similar
to those with other clubs. 

29.  Equity Compensation Benefits
Special Reward and Incentive Plan (SRIP)
adidas-Salomon AG implemented a one-time offer share option
plan during the second quarter of 1997 for certain key employees and Executive Board members.  The options can be exercised at a fixed pre-determined price.  The rights and terms
governing the exercise are fixed in the option agreement.  One
half of the options were exercisable immediately after the
implementation of the plan.  The other options are exercisable
in tranches through June 30,  2001.  A total of 440000 options
were granted to exercise the equal number of shares. 
The option plan is sponsored by two shareholders (Robert
Louis-Dreyfus and Christian Tourres) who supply the shares
which are required to fulfil the Company's obligation under
the plan.  The shares are made available at a value equal to
the exercise price of the options.  The contribution (being the
difference between realized share price and exercise price
for options exercised) from the two shareholders for the
years ended December 31,  2000 and 1999 of c 259874 and
 4856762 respectively is shown as extraordinary income;
the respective expenses of the same amounts are included
in the selling,  general and administrative expenses. 
Stock Option Plan
On May 20,  1999,  the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting resolved
contingent capital in the amount of c 3500000 to grant stock
options for no-par-value bearer shares.  These stock options
were to be granted to the members of the Executive Board of
adidas-Salomon AG,  to the Managing Directors/Senior Vice
Presidents of its affiliated companies as well as to further senior
executives and executives of adidas-Salomon AG and its
affiliated companies. 

91

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

92

Under the adopted stock option plan,  the Executive Board has
been authorized to issue non-transferable stock options for up
to 1367187 no-par-value bearer shares to the above mentioned
persons until August 27,  2004.  The granting of stock options
can take place in tranches that shall not exceed 25% of the
total volume for each fiscal year. 
There is a two-year vesting period for the stock options and a
term of approximately three years upon their respective issue. 
In the reporting year,  329700 stock options were issued in
Tranche II of the program.  Of these issued options,  315350
still exist on the balance sheet date.  Of the 263000 stock
options issued in Tranche I,  issued in the previous reporting
year,  213050 still exist at year-end 2000. 
The stock options can only be exercised subject to the attainment of at least one of the following performance objectives:
(a) Absolute Performance
During the period between the issue and exercise of the stock
options,  the stock market price for the Company's shares –
calculated upon the basis of the Total Shareholder Return
Approach has increased by an annual average of at least 8%. 
(b) Relative Performance
During the same period,  the stock market price for the Company's shares must have developed by an annual average of
1% more favorably than the stock market prices of the major
competitors of adidas-Salomon globally and in absolute terms
may not have fallen. 

The stock options can only be exercised against payment of
the exercise price.  The exercise price corresponds to the arithmetical mean of the closing prices of the adidas-Salomon share
over the last 20 trading days of the respective exercise periodless a discount,  which is composed of the absolute and relative
performance components.  In any case,  the exercise price shall
be at least the lowest issue price as stipulated in § 9 section 1
of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG),  currently c 256. 
The option terms and conditions stipulate that the stock options
can be used for existing common shares in lieu of new shares
from the contingent capital,  or in the place of common shares
the discount is paid in cash. 
Compensation costs for the difference between the exercise
price and the fair value of the shares or the intrinsic value of
share options granted will not be recognized in the financial
statements. 

30.  Other Information
Employees
The average numbers of employees are as follows:
2000
Sales companies
Sourcing/Production
Global marketing/Research
and development
Central functions
Total 
Effective January 1,  2000 Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc.,  United
States,  implemented a Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) for its
key employees.  Under the adopted plan,  a total of 450000
stock appreciation rights were granted with a latest exercise
date of December 31,  2002.  Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc.  had
issued 371284 rights by December 31,  2000. 

8435
3224

8048
3062

918
580
13157

811
512
12433

Remuneration of the Supervisory Board and
Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG
(euros in thousands)

Other Stock Option Plans
At Salomon S. A.,  France,  a tranche of the existing stock option
plan was exercised during the year 2000 by the beneficiaries. 
As a result of the acquisition of Salomon S. A.,  this stock option
plan was linked with a fixed rate of 073 to the price of the
shares of adidas-Salomon AG.  The effect of this exercise was
treated as additional acquisition cost for adidas Salomon
France S. A. 

1999

Supervisory Board remuneration
Executive Board remuneration
Thereof: SRIP (see note 29)
Remuneration of former members
of the Executive Board
Thereof: Pension payments to former
members of the Executive Board
Pension obligations regarding former
members of the Executive Board 
2000

1999

217
7609


212
10408
1523

68

66

68

66

1968

1668

Herzogenaurach,  February 16,  2001
The Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG

Auditors' Report 
93

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Auditors' Report 
To the Executive Board and Supervisory Board
adidas-Salomon AG
Herzogenaurach,  Germany
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet
of adidas-Salomon AG and subsidiaries as at December 312000 and the related consolidated statement of income,  statement of changes in equity and cash flows for the year then
ended.  These consolidated financial statements in accordance
with International Accounting Standards (IAS) are the responsibility of the Company's Management.  Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements
based on our audit. 

In our opinion the consolidated financial statements give a
true and fair view of the financial position of the Group as at
December 31,  2000 and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with
International Accounting Standards. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing (ISA).  Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining,  on a test
basis,  evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the consolidated financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by Management,  as well as evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

KPMG Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft
Aktiengesellschaft
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Frankfurt am Main,  February 16,  2001

Dieter Kuhn
Wirtschaftsprüfer 
Stefan Hegenbarth
Wirtschaftsprüfer 
94

Statement of Movements of Fixed Assets 
Goodwill 
Softwarepatentstrademarks
and
concessions 
Advance
payments 
Total
intangible
assets 
Acquisition cost
December 31,  1998
Currency effect
Additions
Changes in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  1999
Currency effect
Additions
Changes in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  2000

738135
2351
557
358
–
(982)
740419
1215
4812
–
–
(369)
746077

79992
1592
24597
–
2730
(568)
108343
147
20214
33
15483
(2011)
142209

2291

8234
–
(1593)
–
8933
–

–
(8874)
(59)


820418
3944
33388
358
1137
(1550)
857695
1362
25035
33
6609
(2439)
888295

Accumulated depreciation/amortization
December 31,  1998
Currency effect
Additions
Changes in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  1999
Currency effect
Additions
Write-ups
Changes in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  2000

65735
2103
39012
–
(1043)
(982)
104825
1035
39545
–
–
13
(368)
145049

27700
695
14711
–
1043
(272)
43877
117
21946
–
–
154
(1510)
64585

–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

93435
2798
53723
–
–
(1254)
148702
1152
61491
–
–
167
(1878)
209634

Net carrying amount
December 31,  1998
December 31,  1999
December 31,  2000

672400
635594
601028

52292
64466
77624

2291
8933


726983
708993
678661

(euros in thousands)

Attachment I to the Notes 
Landland rights
and
buildings 
Technical
equipment
and
machinery 
Other
equipmentfurniture
and fittings 
Advance
payments/
construction
in progress 
Total
tangible
assets 
Shares
in affiliated
companies 
Participations 
Other
financial
assets 
Total
financial
assets 
177373
5298
10742
–
3941
(9185)
188169
563
14511
–
41722
(26402)
218563

83789
5227
21745
–
2235
(6087)
106909
2826
15150
–
(2747)
(9861)
112277

185107
15782
51294
–
1649
(25768)
228064
4899
48418
193
(11855)
(19477)
250242

17677
539
17568
–
(8962)
(356)
26466
490
46736
–
(30256)
(2239)
41197

463946
26846
101349
–
(1137)
(41396)
549608
8778
124815
193
(3136)
(57979)
622279

1566
157
2406
–
–
(599)
3530

–
(573)
–
–
2959

459
63
478
–
–
(153)
847
28
3000
–
(3740)
–
135

2639
3594
7155
–
–
(21)
13367
479
2039
–
267
–
16152

4664
3814
10039
–
–
(773)
17744
509
5039
(573)
(3473)
–
19246

57977
1297
7946
–
(136)
(2349)
64735
166
11080
–
–
13027
(7767)
81241

40789
2635
19335
–
624
(1860)
61523
1374
20920
–
–
(3356)
(7845)
72616

110341
9983
37326
–
(488)
(19949)
137213
2095
42211
–
24
(8644)
(14545)
158354

1084
–
857
–
–
–
1941
–
100
–
–
(1194)
(847)
–

210191
13915
65464
–
–
(24158)
265412
3635
74311
–
24
(167)
(31004)
312211

–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

–
–

–
–
–

1

–
–
–
–
17

1831
3670

–
–
–
5509
438

(3107)
–
–
–
2841

1831
3670
16
–
–
–
5517
439

(3107)
–
–
–
2858

119396
123434
137322

43000
45386
39661

74766
90851
91888

16593
24525
41197

253755
284196
310068

1566
3530
2959

459
839
118

808
7858
13311

2833
12227
16388

95

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

96

Shareholdings of adidas-Salomon AG,  Herzogenaurach 
As at December 31,  2000
Currency 
Equity currency
units in thousands 
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Pfullingen (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)

DEM
DEM
DEM
DEM

1553
58
16466
50

directly
directly
directly
directly 
90
100
51
100

Europe (incl.  Africa and Middle East)
 adidas Sport GmbH
 Salomon Schweiz A. G. 
 Sarragan S. A.  10)
 adidas Austria GmbH

Lindau (Switzerland)
Stans (Switzerland)
Fribourg (Switzerland)
Klagenfurt (Austria)

CHF
CHF
CHF
ATS

13310
2950
230
186861

 Salomon Österreich GmbH
10 adidas Salomon France S. A. 

Klagenfurt (Austria)
Metz-Tessy (France)

ATS
FRF

36239
3418645

11
12
13
14
15
16
17

adidas Sarragan France S, a, r, l. 
Salomon S. A. 
Salomon IPF SAS 8) 10)
erima France S, a, r, l. 
Mavic S. A. 
LXF S. A.  (former Le Coq Sportif International S. A. ) 8) 10)
adidas International B. V. 

Landersheim (France)
Annecy (France)
Metz-Tessy (France)
Landersheim (France)
Saint-Trivier-Sur-Moignans (France)
Landersheim (France)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)

FRF
FRF
FRF
FRF
FRF
FRF
USD

285044
1688961
254
1945
60491
(2343)
407053

18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27

adidas International Trading B. V. 
adidas-Salomon International Finance B. V.  8) 10)
adidas Benelux B. V. 
adidas Belgium N. V. 
BIG L. A.  N. V.  9)
adidas (UK) Ltd.  1)
adidas (ILKLEY) Ltd.  1) 10)
Larasport (U.K. ) Ltd.  1) 10)
Sarragan (U.K. ) Ltd.  1) 10)
adidas Trefoil Trading (U.K. ) Ltd.  1) 10)

Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Etten-leur (Netherlands)
Zellik (Belgium)
Houthalen (Belgium)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)

NLG
EUR
NLG
BEF
BEF
GBP
GBP
GBP
GBP
GBP

1112740
20
8334
87590
6396
86988
–
–
–
–

directly
12
directly
directly

12
directly
17
10
10
12

12
directly
directly
11
directly
17
directly
20
21
directly
23
23
23
26

100
100
100
9589
411
100
855
145
100
100
100
100
100
100
962
38
100
100
100
100
50
100
100
100
100
100

Company 
Domicile 
Germany
 GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG
 GEV Grundstücks-Beteiligungsgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH
 erima Sportbekleidungs GmbH
 adidas Versicherungs-Vermittlungs GmbH

Share in capital
held by
in %

97

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Currency 
Equity currency
units in thousands 
Share in capital
held by
in %

Attachment II to the Notes 
As at December 31,  2000
Company 
Domicile 
28 Three Stripes Ltd.  1) 10)

Stockport (Great Britain)

GBP

–

29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36

Basingstoke (Great Britain)
Basingstoke (Great Britain)
Dublin (Ireland)
Dublin (Ireland)
Dublin (Ireland)
Zaragoza (Spain)
Monza (Italy)
Bergamo (Italy)

GBP
GBP
IEP
IEP
IEP
ESP
ITL
ITL

(2045)
–
7280
–
–
8052316
174525000
9077000

ITL

20675000

Salomon Taylor Made Ltd.  7)
Taylor Made Great Britain Ltd.  7) 10)
adidas (Ireland) Ltd.  2)
Fortstewart Ltd.  2) 10)
Three Stripe Exports Ltd.  2) 10)
adidas Espana S. A. 
adidas Italia S, r, l. 
Salomon Italia S, p. A. 

37 Salomon San Giorgio S, p. A. 

Treviso (Italy)

38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55

Lisbon (Portugal)
Gjovik (Norway)
Oslo (Norway)
Hägersten (Sweden)
Svenljunga (Sweden)
Helsinki (Finland)
Helsinki (Finland)
Prague (Czech Republic)
Budapest (Hungary)
Moscow (Russia)
St.  Petersburg (Russia)
Warsaw (Poland)
Timisoara (Romania)
Bratislava (Slovak Republic)
Kiev (Ukraine)
Thessaloniki (Greece)
Istanbul (Turkey)
Dubai (United Arab Emirates)

PTE
NOK
NOK
SEK
SEK
FIM
FIM
CZK
HUF
USD
RUB
PLN
ROL
SKK
UAK
GRD
DEM
USD

119221
139019
2606
55232
42492
15422
30145
403170
2562353
11269

97501
25936330
15536
(11381)
3877240
25461
(48)

Beirut (Lebanon)

USD

3425

adidas Portugal S. A. 
adidas Norge A/S
Salomon Norge A/S
adidas Sverige AB
Salomon Sport AB
adidas Suomi Oy
Salomon Sport Finland Oy
adidas CR spol.  s, r, o. 
adidas Budapest Kft. 
adidas Ltd. 
Salomon T. A. K. T.  LLC 8) 10)
adidas Poland Sp.  z.  o.  o. 
Salomon Romania Srl 8)
adidas Slovakia s, r, o. 
SC adidas Ukraine
adidas Hellas A. E. 
adidas Spor Malzemeleri Satls ve Pazarlama A. S. 
adidas Salomon Middle East L. L. C. 

56 adidas Middle East SAL 10)

23
24
30
12
directly
31
31
directly
directly
12
37
12
36
17
directly
12
directly
12
17
12
directly
directly

12
directly
12
directly
directly
directly
17
11
indirectly
11

50
50
100
100
100
100
100
100
50
999
01
688
312
100
100
100
100
100
50
100
100
85
100
70
100
100
100
100
50
51
49
51
100

98

As at December 31,  2000
Currency 
Equity currency
units in thousands 
Beirut (Lebanon)

USD

(89)

58 adidas Egypt Ltd.  10)
59 adidas Israel Ltd. 
60 adidas (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd. 

Cairo (Egypt)
Tel Aviv (Israel)
Cape Town (South Africa)

USD
USD
ZAR

(1352)
495
21266

North America
61 adidas Salomon North America Inc.  3)

Portland,  Oregon (United States)

USD

116615

62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73

Spartanburg,  South Carolina (United States)
Portland,  Oregon (United States)
Portland,  Oregon (United States)
Portland,  Oregon (United States)
Carlsbad,  California (United States)
Georgetown,  Massachusetts (United States)
Boulder,  Colorado (United States)
Portland,  Oregon (United States)
Haverhill,  Massachusetts (United States)
Spartanburg,  South Carolina (United States)
Toronto (Canada)
Montreal (Canada)

USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
CAD
CAD

161168
–
–
–
36519
15385

3010
3526
575
(1393)
7080

Asia
74 adidas-Salomon International Sourcing Ltd.  4)
75 adidas Hong Kong Ltd. 
76 adidas (Suzhou) Co.  Ltd. 
77 adidas China Holding Co.  Ltd.  8) 10)
78 Guangzhou adi Sporting Goods Ltd.  10)

Hong Kong (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Suzhou (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Guangzhou (China)

USD
HKD
CNY
HKD
CNY

178309
48782
59227
(552)
8366

79 Guangzhou Adi Trade & Development Co.  Ltd.  10)

Guangzhou (China)

CNY

(69676)

80 adidas Japan K. K. 
81 Salomon & Taylor Made Co.,  Ltd. 

Tokyo (Japan)
Tokyo (Japan)

JPY
JPY

(526619)
9237721

Company 
Domicile 
57 adidas Lebanon SAL 10)

adidas America Inc.  3)
adidas Promotional Retail Operations Inc.  3)
adidas Sales Inc.  3)
adidas Village Corporation 3)
Taylor Made Golf Co.  Inc. 
Salomon North America,  Inc. 
Salomon Design Center Inc.  8)
Bonfire Snowboarding,  Inc. 
Mavic Inc. 
LXZA Inc.  (former LCS America Inc. ) 8) 10)
adidas-Salomon Canada Ltd. 
Salomon Canada Sports Ltd. 

Share in capital
held by
in %
11
indirectly
directly
directly
directly 
49
51
100
100
100

directly
12
61
61
61
61
61
61
61
61
61
directly
directly
12

8718
1282
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100

18
directly
directly
directly
directly
indirectly
indirectly
78
directly
12

100
100
100
50
90
10
50
50
100
7974

99

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

Currency 
Equity currency
units in thousands 
Share in capital
held by
in %

Attachment II to the Notes 
As at December 31,  2000
Company 
Domicile 
82 adidas Korea Ltd. 
83 Taylor Made Korea Ltd. 
84 adidas India Private Ltd.  5)

Seoul (Korea)
Seoul (Korea)
New Delhi (India)

KRW
KRW
INR

36091
(1992)
76594

85
86
87
88
89
90
91

New Delhi (India)
Jakarta (Indonesia)
Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia)
Manila (Philippines)
Singapore
Taipei (Taiwan)
Bangkok (Thailand)

INR
IDR
MYR
PHP
SGD
TWD
THB

–
(8074230)
4224
230349
1498
105529
(7287)

Bangkok (Thailand)
Mulgrave (Australia)
Auckland (New Zealand)

THB
AUD
NZD

121627
30113
579

Latin America
95 adidas Argentina S. A. 
96 adidas do Brasil Ltda. 
97 ASPA do Brazil Ltda.  4)
98 adidas Chile Ltda. 

Buenos Aires (Argentina)
São Paulo (Brazil)
São Paulo (Brazil)
Santiago de Chile (Chile)

ARS
BRL
BRL
CLP

5984
229
–
2759335

99
100
101
102
103
104
105

Cali (Colombia)
Mexico City (Mexico)
Mexico City (Mexico)
Panama City (Panama)
Montevideo (Uruguay)
Caracas (Venezuela)
Porlamar,  Marg.  (Venezuela)

COP
MXN
MXN
USD
UYU
VEB
VEB

2943641
73950
–
9424
2183
(658848)
–

adidas India Trading Private Ltd.  5)
P. T.  Trigaris Sportindo (adidas Indonesia)
adidas Malaysia Sdn.  Bhd. 
adidas Philippines Inc. 
adidas Singapore Pte.  Ltd. 
adidas Taiwan Ltd. 
adidas Holding (Thailand) Co.  Ltd. 

92 adidas (Thailand) Co.  Ltd. 
93 adidas Australia Pty.  Ltd. 
94 adidas New Zealand Ltd. 

adidas Colombia Ltda. 
adidas de Mexico S. A.  de C. V.  6)
adidas Industrial S. A.  de C. V.  6)
adidas Latin America S. A. 
 Stripes S. A.  (adidas Uruguay)
adidas Corporation de Venezuela,  S. A. 
adidas Margarita S. A.  8) 10)

Sub-group
Sub-group
3)
Sub-group
4)
Sub-group
1)
2)

adidas UK
Ireland
United States
adidas-Salomon International Sourcing 
Sub-group India
Sub-group Mexico
7)
Sub-group Salomon UK
8)
Nine companies have not been included in the consolidated
financial statements of adidas-Salomon AG due to their insignificance. 
5)

9)

6)

10)

directly
66
directly
17
84
indirectly
directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
indirectly
indirectly
directly
directly 
51
100
99

914
92
60
100
100
100
49
51
100
100
100

directly
directly
74
directly

directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
104

100
100
100
99

100
100
100
100
100
100
100

Associated company; due to its insignificance no equity
valuation was made. 
Companies with no active business. 

100

Glossary 
Accessories 
Includes products such as headwear,  socks
and non-protective gloves. 

Consumer 
The end user of adidas-Salomon's products:
the public at large. 

Athletic
specialty
retailers 
 major distribution channel for adidasSalomon products in terms of sales.  These
stores specialize in merchandising athletic
footwear and apparel products to the 12-24
year-old urban consumer group.  Key buying
motivators for these consumers are design
and technology underpinned with strong
marketing activities. 

Corporate
governance 
Describes the distribution of rights and
responsibilities among different participants
in the Company,  such as the Supervisory
Board,  the Executive Board,  managersshareholders and other stakeholders,  and
spells out the rules and procedures for
making decisions on corporate affairs. 

Corridor
approach 
 range of plus or minus 10% around the
Company's best estimate of post-employment benefit obligations (IAS 19).  Outside
that range,  it is not reasonable to assume
that actuarial gains or losses will be offset in
future years. 

Customer 
All wholesalers,  retailers and key accounts
to whom the adidas-Salomon sales
organizations sell products. 

Customization 
Customization at adidas-Salomon refers to
 pilot program which allows consumers to
create their own unique footwear based on
personal specifications regarding functionfit and design. 

Earnings per
share 
 performance indicator that expresses the
Company's net income in relation to the
number of ordinary shares issued. 

Clearance sales These sales are made outside the course of
normal business,  arising from a pre-planned
commercial decision by Management to
make discounts to the list price of articles
(normally post-season) in order to clear
excess stock.  This does not include sales
where a price discount is given in the
normal course of trading with the cliente.g.  volume discounts. 
Cleated 
Sports category comprising American
football,  baseball and rugby. 

Commercial
Paper 
Tradable unsecured promissory note issued
for purposes of short-term financing.  Commercial Paper is issued on an ongoingrevolving basis with maturities typically
between seven days and 12 months. 

Glossary 
Emerging
markets 
Markets of newly industrialized countriessuch as in Southeast Asia,  Latin America
and Eastern Europe. 

Equity ratio 
Shows the role of shareholders' equity
within the financing structure of the Company.  It is calculated by dividing shareholders' equity by total assets. 

Fair value 
This ratio reflects the role of borrowings
within the financing structure of the Company.  It is calculated by dividing net total
borrowings by shareholders' equity. 

Forward
contract 
Agreement to exchange amounts of one
currency for another currency at an agreed
fixed rate at a future date. 

For adidas,  this includes bags,  balls and
protective equipment.  For Salomon,  hardware refers to skis,  ski boots,  snowboardsbindings,  inline skates,  protective equipment and bags.  For TaylorMade-adidas
Golf,  it includes golf clubs,  bags,  balls,  etc. 

Hedging 
 strategy used to minimize exposure to
changes in prices,  interest rates or exchange
rates by means of derivative financial instruments (options,  swaps,  forward contractsetc. ). 

Interest
coverage 
Indicates the ability of the Company to
cover net interest expenses with income
before net interest and taxes.  This ratio is
calculated by dividing income before net
interest and taxes by net interest. 

International
Accounting
Standards 
International Accounting Standards (IAS) are
established by the International Accounting
Standards Committee (IASC),  an independent,  international organization supported
by the professional accountancy bodies. 
The objective is to achieve uniformity and
transparency in the accounting principles
that are used by businesses and other
organizations for financial reporting around
the world. 

Amount at which assets would be traded
fairly between business partners.  Fair value
is often identical to market price. 

Financial
leverage 
Hardware 
Goodwill 
The majority of adidas-Salomon's goodwill
resulted from the acquisition of the Salomon
group in 1997.  Goodwill is the excess of the
acquisition cost over the Group's interest in
the fair value of the identifiable assets and
liabilities acquired as at the date of the
exchange transaction. 

101

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

102

In-the-money 
Describes a call (put) option that has a
strike price which is below (above) the price
of the underlying asset. 

Last 
Wood or plastic mold over which the shoe
is made and which determines its shape. 

Marketing
overhead
expenses 
Incorporates marketing personnel,  general
and administrative costs. 

Marketing
working
budget 
This consists of promotion and communications spending such as promotion contractsadvertising,  retail support,  events and other
communication activities,  but excluding
marketing overhead expenses. 

Merchandising 
That part of net income or equity which is
not attributable to the Group but to others
outside the Group who hold shares in
affiliated enterprises. 

Financial instrument which involves the right
to purchase (call option) or to sell (put
option) a particular asset (e.g.  shares or
foreign exchange) at a pre-determined price
(strike price) on or before a specific date. 

Order backlogs 
The value of orders received for future
delivery.  At adidas-Salomon,  orders are
received six to nine months in advancedepending on the season.  This information
is used by the market as an indicator of
future sales performance. 

Out-ofthe-money 
Describes a call (put) option with a strike
price above (below) the price of the underlying asset.  Even though an out-of-themoney option has no intrinsic value,  it may
have market value ( time value). 

Private labels 
Brands that are exclusively offered by one
retailer. 

Pro shops 
Also called green grass shops.  These stores
target top golf players and are located
directly on the golf course. 

Projected unit
credit method 
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations
are calculated by this method (IAS 19).  It
takes into consideration not only the pensions
and vested interests accrued as at cut-off
date,  but also anticipated increases in
salaries and pensions. 

The process of selling our products to our
customers. 

Minority
interests 
Option 
NBA

National Basketball Association in the
United States. 

Glossary 
Return
on capital
employed 
This is an indicator of the Company's
profitability related to the total financing. 
It is calculated by dividing income before
taxes,  minority interests and the financial
and extraordinary results by capital
employed (defined as the average of
shareholders' equity plus minority
interests plus net total borrowings for
the year). 

Return on equity This indicates the Company's profitability
related to the shareholders' financing. 
It is calculated by dividing net income by
shareholders' equity. 
Risk
management 
The process of analyzing the Company's
exposure to risk and determining how to
best reduce,  control and transfer it as
appropriate. 

Segmental
reporting 
Provides information on the financial positionresults of operations in individual operating
areas and regions (segments).  This gives an
indication of developments in the individual
segments and their contribution to the
Group's results. 

Shareholder
value 
Management concept that focuses strategic
and operational decision-making on steadily
increasing the Company's value for shareholders. 

Sourcing 
The process of managing our suppliers in
order to be able to deliver the final product
to our customers. 

Standing
The SIC rules on controversial accounting
Interpretations issues.  Its interpretations are approved by
Committee (SIC) the International Accounting Standards
Committee (IASC) and,  once adopted,  are
binding on all IAS users. 
Supply chain 
The process of developing,  producing and
transporting our products to customers. 

Sustainable
development 
Refers to a business practice which aims
to meet the needs of the present without
compromising the ability of future generations
to meet their own needs. 

Vertical retailer 
Fully integrated sporting goods supplierproducing goods with genuine concept
and design only for own-retail activities. 

103

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

104

Financial Highlights: Five Year Overview 
(euros in millions)

2000
P&L Data
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Royalty and commission income
Financial result
Income before taxes and minority interests
Income taxes
Minority interests
Net income 3)
P&L Ratios
Gross margin
SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales
Operating margin
Effective tax rate
Net income as a percentage of net sales 3)
Working capital turnover
Interest coverage
Return on equity 3)
Return on capital employed 3)

1999

1998 2)

1997 1)

1996 1)

5835
2528
437
43
(94)
347
140
25
182

5354
2352
482
35
(84)
398
153
18
228

5065
2124
416
45
(115)
319
105

205

3425
1437
316
44
(16)
346
95
14
237

2408
960
192
49
(6)
227
55
12
161

433%
345%
75%
403%
31%
41
46
223%
170%

439%
338%
90%
384%
43%
49
61
335%
207%

419%
327%
82%
330%
40%
(155)
48
442%
205%

419%
318%
92%
275%
69%
3190
212
330%
358%

398%
309%
80%
240%
67%
85
141
329%
352%

Financial Highlights: Five Year Overview 
(euros in millions)

2000

1999

1998 2)

1997 1)

1996 1)

4018
1294
1387
1417
1791
815

3587
1045
1234
1096
1591
680

3206
975
1026
(327)
1655
463

2224
821
592
11
738
717

1288
556
418
284
174
489

2196%
203%

2340%
190%

3572%
144%

1030%
322%

356%
379%

Balance Sheet Data
Total assets
Inventories
Receivables and other current assets
Working capital
Net total borrowings
Shareholders' equity
Balance Sheet Ratios
Financial leverage
Equity ratio
Data Per Share
Earnings per share 3)
Operating cash flow
Dividend per ordinary share
Number of outstanding shares (in thousands)

401
(023)
092 4)
45349

502
724
092
45349

452
264
084
45349

522
088
084
45349

354
226
056
45349

Employees
Number of employees at year-end
Personnel expenses 
13362
630

12829
580

12036
513

7993
331

6986
240

1)

1997 and 1996 comparatives are restated due to the application of IAS 12 (revised 1996) 'Income Taxes'. 

2)

Consolidated financial statements for 1998 include the Salomon group for the first time. 

3)

In 1998 before special effect of c 369 million for acquired in-process research and development expensed. 

4)

Dividend proposal subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 

105

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

106

Segmental Information: Three Year Overview*

(euros in millions)

2000

1999**

1998**

adidas
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets 
4672
1907
391
2286

4427
1827
431
1987

4316
1818
412
1730

Salomon
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets 
648
276
57
542

543
217
31
509

435
170

571

TaylorMade-adidas Golf
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets 
441
221
44
219

327
160
30
156

263
118
20
99

55
20

24

44
16

24

52
18

27

Brands 
Mavic
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets
* Three year segmental reporting chosen to coincide with length of adidas-Salomon Group existence. 
** 1999 figures are restated due to the transfer of adidas Golf to TaylorMade,  1998 figures are not adjusted. 

Segmental Information: Three Year Overview 
(euros in millions)

2000

1999

1998

Europe
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets 
2860
1171
454
1107

2723
1133
382
1167

2774
1127
357
1114

North America
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets 
1906
729
177
862

1826
731
234
848

1784
713
276
666

Asia
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets 
875
416
129
455

663
301
96
390

383
156
26
201

Latin America
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets 
171
72
23
109

126
50
15
75

112
43
11
66

Regions 
107

adidas-Salomon ANNUAL REPORT 2000

108

Financial Calendar 
Financial Calendar 2001

March 8

2000 Results released
Analyst and Press Conferences
Conference Call/Webcast 
May 3

First Quarter Results released
Conference Call/Webcast 
May 10

Annual General Meeting (Fürth,  Bavaria)
Webcast 
May 11

Dividend paid*

August 7

First Half Year Results released
Conference Call/Webcast 
November 6

Nine Months Results released
Conference Call/Webcast 
* Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 

adidas-Salomon AG
Adi-Dassler-Strasse 1– 2
91074 Herzogenaurach
Germany
Tel. :
+49 (9132) 84-0
Fax:
+49 (9132) 84-2241
Internet: www, adidas, com
Investor Relations:
Tel. :
+49 (9132) 84-2920 / 3584
Fax:
+49 (9132) 84-3127
Internet: www, adidas, com/investor
e-mail: investor, relations[at]adidas, de
adidas-Salomon is a member of
DIRK (German Investor Relations Association) and
NIRI (National Investor Relations Institute,  USA)

Concept and Design:
külling partner identity
Realization:
Advantage Doremus
Photo Credits:
adidas-Salomon AG
(adidas,  Salomon,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  Mavic)
Allsport
Out of concern for the environment,  this paper was produced
with a non-chlorine bleaching process. 
Printed in Germany 

