scoring on all fields
Annual Report 2005

Financial Highlights (IFRS) 1)

Net Sales € in millions 
2001
2002
2003
2004 1)
2005

1)

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
6112
6523
6267
5860

Net Income Attributable to Shareholders € in millions 
2002
2003
2004
2005

llllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
2004

Change 
6636
707

5860
584

132%
211%

383

314

218%

Key Ratios (%)
Gross margin
Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales
Operating margin 3)
Effective tax rate
Net income attributable to shareholders 2) as a percentage of net sales
Operating working capital4) as a percentage of net sales
Equity ratio 5)
Financial leverage 5)

482
382
107
337
58
260
467
(205)

480
382
100
367
54
284
348
431

02pp
00pp
07pp
(30pp)
04pp
(24pp)
119pp
(636pp)

Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Data (€ in millions)
Total assets 5)
Inventories
Receivables and other current assets
Working capital5)
Net cash (net borrowings) 5)
Shareholders' equity 5)
Capital expenditure 4)
Net cash provided by operating activities 4)

5750
1230
1551
2576
551
2684
211
352

4434
1155
1425
1336
(665)
1544
140
578

297%
65%
89%
928%
1828%
738%
507%
(391%)

688
654
1168
130
11875

190%
183%
(304%)
00%
347%

14219
45859000
45649560

121%
107%
24%

Operating Highlights (€ in millions)
Net sales
Operating profit
Net income attributable to shareholders 2)

6636

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

2001

2005

208
229
260
314
383

Per Share of Common Stock (€)
Basic earnings per share 2)
Diluted earnings per share 2)
Operating cash flow per share from continuing operations
Dividend per share
Share price at year-end
Other (at year-end)
Number of employees
Number of shares outstanding
Average number of shares
Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon business segment unless otherwise stated. 
2) Includes income from continuing and discontinued operations
3) 2004 figure has been adjusted to reflect the changes in IFRS and application of IAS 32. 
4) Includes discontinued operations
5) 2004 figures have been restated due to application of IAS 32/IAS 39 and amendment to IAS 19. 
6) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval 
819
773
813
130 6)
16000

15935
50761755
46736958

One of the key strengths of our Group lies in the
range of our brands.  Each brand,  with its own
distinct identity,  is clearly focused to meet the 
…
…
… adidas …
…
…

…
…
… TaylorMade-adidas Golf …
…
…

adidas Sport Performance 
Our Brand Portfolio 
TaylorMade 
The largest adidas division (78% of adidas sales)
features highly innovative products for athletes around
the world.  Technological innovation and a commitment
to performance are the cornerstones of this division. 

TaylorMade offers a full range of golf hardware and
accessories.  It is a leader in the industry and the
number one supplier of metalwoods. 

needs of a specific sector within the sporting
goods market.  This differentiation is crucial and
helps us maximize our impact with consumers. 

adidas Sport Heritage
Once innovative,  now classic,  always authentic.  The
Sport Heritage division (22% of adidas sales) extends
the unique and authentic heritage of adidas to the
sports lifestyle market. 
adidas Sport Style
The Y-3 collection,  designed in collaboration with Yohji
Yamamoto,  represents the future of sportswear: an
original blend of sport,  fashion and fine craftsmanship. 
With adidas Sport Style,  we address the cosmopolitanfashion-conscious consumer. 

adidas Golf
adidas Golf is a leading supplier of high-quality golf
footwear and apparel. 
Maxfli
Maxfli designs and develops premium golf balls and
golf accessories. 

2005 Targets 
2005 Results 
2006 Targets 
Deliver mid- to high-single-digit
currency-neutral sales growth 
Currency-neutral sales grow 12%

Deliver double-digit currency-neutral sales growth
(high-single-digit sales growth excluding Reebok)

Bring major new conceptstechnology evolutions and
revolutions to market 
2005 product launches:
adidas1,  Stella,  a3®,  Ground Control System™,  ClimaCool®Clima Compression,  +Predator ® Absolute,  ForMotion™David Beckham range,  Official Match Ball of the 2006
FIFA World Cup™ +Teamgeist™

Bring major new conceptstechnology evolutions and
revolutions to market 
Grow currency-neutral sales at
all brands and in all regions 
Currency-neutral revenues increase
at all brands and in all regions 
Grow currency-neutral sales at adidas and
TaylorMade-adidas Golf in all regions 
Exceed medium-term gross
margin range of 45 to 46%

Group gross margin reaches a record level of 482%

Gross margin range 44 46%
(47 48% excluding Reebok)

Achieve highest operating
margin ever 
Operating margin improves by 07 percentage
points to a record level of 107%

Operating margin around 9%
(10 –105% excluding Reebok)

Continue to optimize working
capital management 
Operating working capital as a percentage
of net sales reduced by 24pp to 260%

Continue to optimize working
capital management 
Keep capital expenditure in range between
€ 200 million and € 250 million 
Capital expenditure at € 211 million 
Capital expenditure range € 300– € 350 million
(excluding extraordinary investments related to Reebok)

Increase dividend and initiate
share buyback program 
Dividend increased by 30%,  share buyback program postponed (free cash flow used to fund Reebok acquisition)

Reduce debt after financing
of Reebok acquisition 
Drive earnings growth of 10 to 15% versus
the 2004 level of € 314 million 
Group earnings grow 22% to € 383 millionthe highest earnings ever 
Deliver double-digit net income
growth versus 2005 level of € 383 million 
Further increase shareholder value 
adidas-Salomon AG share price grows 35%

Further increase shareholder value 





scoring 
on all fields


We are a sports company. 
 highly trained team. 
Constantly striving to achieve
new best performance. 
 Group expanding its strengths in pursuit
of one clear goal: to be the leader. 
With the World Cup.  With Reebok. 
With groundbreaking innovations. 
And with all our skills.  we are 




El área de penalti es su terreno. 


De suela ligera.  De rápida comprensión. 


Versátil.  Raúl siempre es un goleador peligroso. 

No tiene miedo a dejar que sus 

emociones se desborden. 

...  Apasionado... 

... 
... 
... 
... 











The penalty area is his ground. 

Light-footed.  Quick-witted. 

Versatile.  Raúl's always a dangerous striker. 

And never afraid 
to let emotions run wild. 

Passionate. 







Trabalho de pés primorosamente elegante. 


Movimentos imprevisíveis. 


Uma vez com a bola
Kaká é quase impossível de ser parado. 


 sua antecipação e criatividade levam 

 futebol para um outro nível. 

...  Inovação... 
... 
... 

... 
... 









Exquisitely elegant footwork. 

Unpredictable moves. 

Once in possession of the ball
Kaká is almost unstoppable. 

His anticipation and creativity bring 
football to another level. 

Innovative. 







Ballack beeindruckt. 


Durch außergewöhnliche Leistungen. 


Durch Zweikampfstärke. 

Durch Kaltschnäuzigkeit im Abschluss. 


Ohne große Worte. 


Ein Vorbild an Disziplin und Teamwork. 

...  Engagiert... 
... 
... 

... 
... 









Ballack's a leader. 

With outstanding performance. 

With fighting spirit. 

With incomparable instinct in front of the goal. 

Not with big words. 

 model of discipline and teamwork. 

Committed. 







124!"x$%&(q wertxui 

opüQWE.  RTZUIOasdfgh. 


jklöäyxcvbn.  ASDFGH). 

...  K L Y X C V B N M... 
... 
... 
... 
... 















Nakamura's style of play transcends the borders of his national team. 

Tremendously talented.  Supremely focused. 

Superbly team-oriented.  True to the game. 

Honest. 




10


Il ne s'agit pas de popularité. 


Ni de faire du spectacle. 


Zidane est ingénieux,  modeste et il garde 
les pieds sur terre. 


Il donne l'exemple,  entraînant les autres. 


Il rétablit la confiance de toute une nation. 

...  Authentique... 
... 
... 

... 
... 









It's not about popularity. 

Not about the show. 

Zidane is ingenious,  modest
down-to-earth. 

Leading by example. 

Restoring a whole nation's confidence. 

Authentic. 

11


12


The world's most famous footballer. 


Beckham's a star on and off the pitch. 


Enthusing the masses.  With Precision passes. 

With phenomenal free kicks. 


...  Inspirational... 
... 
... 
... 
... 













The world's most famous soccer player. 

Beckham's a star on and off the field. 

Enthusing the masses.  With precision passes. 

With phenomenal free kicks. 

Inspirational. 

13


14















Our brand values also define our biggest 
strengths and highest priorities.  Passionate
innovative,  committed,  honest,  authentic and 

inspirational.  this is what adidas is all about. 

 group dedicated to sport and athletes. 








scoring 
on all fields
15

16

for our shareholders
2005 has been a milestone year in the history of the adidas Group.  With the
divestiture of the Salomon business segment and the announcement of
the Reebok acquisition,  which was completed on January 31,  2006,  the adidas
Group has changed the face of the sporting goods industry.  And the Group once
again delivered excellent financial results,  also reflected in a strong share price
development.  In an exclusive interview,  Herbert Hainer,  Chairman and CEO of
adidas-Salomon AG,  looks back on 2005 and forward to 2006 and beyond. 

Interview with Herbert Hainer 
Mr.  Hainer,  2005 was a busy and exciting year for adidas.  What led you to choose the title 'scoring on
all fields" for the annual report?
Yes,  it certainly has been a great year.  The acquisition of Reebok and the sale of Salomon clearly generated
 lot of attention for us,  and we also completed an impressive turnaround in our business in North America
– a top strategic priority since 2003.  But despite all of the changes at adidas this year,  we remained focused
and delivered,  once again,  record financial results,  and that's what I think this annual report's title really
highlights.  Our brands are the strongest they've been in years,  and when I look to the future I see tremendous opportunities to develop and strengthen them even more. 
The Reebok acquisition really caught the public's attention in 2005.  What was your motivation to do the
deal and where do you see the greatest opportunities?
The Reebok acquisition was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to bring together two companies whose brand
positioning and products really complement one another.  adidas and Reebok speak to distinct consumer
groups,  and I truly believe that all of our brands are innovative,  exciting and unique.  Together,  we have a
wider range of products and a stronger presence across teams,  athletes,  events and leagues.  We now hold
the number one or number two position in every market we service,  which gives us a much more competitive platform. 
You also sold your Salomon business segment in 2005.  Why now,  and what did you learn from this
investment?
Selling Salomon was a decision we reached after a lot of thought and careful consideration of industry
trends.  Salomon has a great family of brands,  which we developed and shaped,  and which we believe still
have excellent potential.  But Salomon's sales are largely generated in the winter sports segment and
require extensive own production,  neither of which are our core competencies.  Furthermore,  when we
looked at the dynamics of the segment we saw that it would be very difficult to meet the profitability levels
we expect in the Group. 
We learned a lot over the last eight years,  about what to do and not to do when it comes to acquiring
companies.  What we could have done better and are focused on doing with Reebok is more hands-on
involvement from top management both in establishing the right foundation for financial success and
in troubleshooting as appropriate.  Better integration of people between organizations is also a high
priority. 

17

18
Your performance in North America improved significantly in 2005.  What are the main reasons for your
turnaround and is it sustainable?
North America is a crucial market for adidas and for the sports footwear and apparel sector overall.  Our
turnaround there came as a result of hard work getting the right people in place,  making profitability
our most important performance metric,  improving the product mix and enhancing our communications
to better position the adidas brand.  We also understand the sales channels in North America much better
now.  Historically,  our business was always driven by a few outstanding products and skewed towards
one channel of distribution.  Now we're growing across all product categories and all channels and we've
deepened our knowledge of what works and what does not work with retailers.  For that reason,  I believe
the improvements are sustainable if we continue to stay focused. 
In 2005,  you became the market leader in Japan.  How did you do it?
Japan is the second largest sporting goods market in the world,  so having a strong presence there is very
important to us.  Since we took over distribution in Japan seven years ago,  our goal was always to become
the market leader.  Our strategy was simple: make the brand desirable with a clear focus on performancebring top-quality products to a demanding market,  and deliver the best all-around service in the industry. 
We feel the success we're enjoying in Japan can be replicated in other Asian markets,  notably Korea and
China,  and we are intent on maximizing all the growth opportunities this region presents. 
What about your golf segment? TaylorMade-adidas Golf delivered its best performance in North America
in three years,  but profitability declined somewhat.  How do you explain this performance,  and do you
expect the golf segment to be an integral part of the adidas Group's business going forward?
TaylorMade-adidas Golf had a great 2005,  with our best performance coming from North America.  Our
industry-leading product pipeline,  including the r7® quad driver,  rac™ irons and ClimaCool®,  helped us to
translate innovations into market share gains and sales growth of 21%.  However,  it is also true that profitability for the segment was down in 2005,  primarily due to costs associated with the buy-out of our golf
ball manufacturing contract with Dunlop Slazenger.  We have since made the strategic decision to move
 large portion of this production to Asia,  which is much more cost-efficient.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf is a
core brand,  and we expect continued growth in sales and an impressive profitability increase this year. 

Interview with Herbert Hainer 
The World Cup is coming,  what are your expectations for the German economy and the adidas brand?
Well,  to put it simply: Even our marketing guys couldn't have come up with any better scenario.  Football
is our lifeblood,  and Germany is our home market,  so the stars are certainly aligned for us to have a very
special year.  The tournament will capture the attention of the entire world a cumulative total of over
38 billion viewers are expected to watch during June and July,  and they will be seeing adidas everywhere. 
We expect that the World Cup will help us drive football footwear,  apparel and equipment sales up around
20%,  allowing us to generate over € 1 billion in football revenues for the first time ever. 
After a slow start in 2005,  you delivered a spectacular Q4 performance in Europe with revenues up 17%which was heavily influenced by sales of your first World Cup products.  Are you concerned about your
growth opportunities in Europe after the World Cup?
The World Cup is only one factor in what's going to drive our growth in Europe moving forward.  Europe's
retail sector is going to rebound the question isn't if but when this will happen.  And our involvement
around the World Cup has allowed us to acquire valuable shelf space,  which will continue to pay off for
adidas long after the tournament finishes.  I see other growth areas such as the running segment,  where
we are clearly leading the market in terms of innovation and are now focused on further commercializing
this strength in functional running products.  Also,  the women's athletic apparel business will be a future
growth driver in the region.  Europe is a tough market,  but I am confident that the marketing and sales
improvements we are executing will have a lasting effect. 
You delivered excellent top- and bottom-line performance in 2005.  What are your expectations for 2006?
In 2006,  our Group will approach the € 10 billion revenue mark for the first time ever,  with all regions
contributing to our revenue increase.  You'll see the most growth at adidas in 2006,  but TaylorMade-adidas
Golf will deliver solid results and we will also initiate a much needed turnaround for the Reebok brand in
North America.  As a result,  we expect earnings will grow at double-digit rates for the sixth year in a row. 
Looking out beyond 2006 now,  adidas has been named the Official Sportswear Partner to the 2008
Olympics in Beijing.  What will this mean for you?
 am convinced that China will make the Beijing Games in 2008 the biggest and best-run Olympics ever. 
And,  just like this year's World Cup,  adidas will be at the center of it all in 2008,  but also every day in the
run-up to the event.  The Olympics will be an important milestone in the shaping of China's future role on
the world stage.  The Games will also help in the development of our brand identity and sales momentum
in Asia,  and will be instrumental to achieving our sales target of € 1 billion in China by 2010. 

19

20
What do you see as the critical factors to achieving the ambitious medium-term targets you have already
announced for the combined Group?
In the medium term,  we expect to achieve mid- to high-single-digit sales growth each year,  a gross margin
of 46 to 48%,  an operating margin of 11% and regularly deliver double-digit earnings growth.  This will
come on the back of an energized and efficient integration of Reebok,  the success of our brands and products,  and our continued focus on efficiencies and cost savings. 
What is your biggest challenge going forward?
We work in one of the world's most competitive industries.  We have to continuously improve our gameand that means staying ahead of ever-changing consumer tastes and matching our products and brand
identities accordingly.  To this end,  it is critical that we integrate Reebok successfully and capitalize on the
opportunities this acquisition offers. 
What is your vision of the sporting goods market five years from now?
 think that consumers will be presented with more and more choices as far as what and how they buywhich increases the need for adidas to set itself apart from the pack.  In our products,  you will see greater
focus on customization,  'intelligent" solutions and cutting-edge design.  I think sport whether it be the
high-level competition of World Cup tournaments and Olympic Games or just the increased attention to
fitness in all our lives will be even more important than it is today.  And I know for certain that the adidas
Group will be there,  stronger than ever,  and ready to meet and exceed consumer needs and expectations. 
Mr.  Hainer,  thank you for this interview. 

Executive Board
from left to right 
…
…
… Glenn Bennett
…
… Herbert Hainer
…
…
… Erich Stamminger
…
…
… Robin Stalker
…

…
… 42
…
…
… 51
…
…
… 48
…
…
… 47
…

…
…
… Global Operations,  American
…
…
… CEO and Chairman,  German
…
…
… President and CEO of Brand adidas,  German
…
…
… Finance,  New Zealander 
21

22

Operational and Sporting Highlights 2005
January adidas and FIFA
extend their long-term
partnership agreement
granting adidas the Official
Partnership,  Suppliership
and Licensing rights for the
FIFA World Cup™ in 2010
and 2014. 

January adidas is named the
Official Sportswear Partner
for the Beijing 2008 Olympic
Games and the Chinese
Olympic Committee. 

January The adidas Superstar
turns 35.  The shoe which
began its life as a basketball
shoe has become a lifestyle
legend.  To commemorate
the event,  35 special edition
'Superstars" were launched. 

March The adidas 1,  the
world's first intelligent shoehits the stores and is sold
out at most retailers within
hours. 

June The FIFA Confederations Cup in Germany is a
successful dress rehearsal
for adidas with respect to
teams,  venues,  timing and
marketing efforts for the
2006 FIFA World Cup™. 

June Winning her 24th
straight match on clay,  Justine Henin-Hardenne takes
her second Roland Garros
title and her fourth Grand
Slam victory in total. 

June adidas sponsored Laila
Ali becomes the first woman
to win a World Boxing Council
title. 

June Defending Champion
Germany captures its fourth
consecutive UEFA Women's
European Championships
title and its sixth in total. 

August adidas and Polar
introduce the world's first
completely integrated training system: 'Project Fusion"
incorporates Polar heart rate
monitoring equipment into
adidas apparel and footwear. 

August At the 10th Track and
Field World Championships
in Helsinki,  Elena Isinbayeva
beats her own world record
by one centimeter,  clearing
501m.  Isinbayeva's achievement marks the 18th world
record of her career. 

September For the sixth
consecutive time,  adidasSalomon AG is included in
the Dow Jones Sustainability
Indexes and is rated to be
the industry leader in the
global Clothing,  Accessories
& Footwear industry. 

September TaylorMadeadidas Golf's Sergio Garcia
captures the European
Masters,  with a one-shot
victory over Sweden's Peter
Gustafsson. 

Operational and Sporting Highlights 2005

23

March adidas sponsored
biathlete Uschi Disl wins
two gold medals during the
2005 Biathlon Ski World
Championships. 

May adidas-Salomon AG
announces plans to sell the
Salomon business segment
to Amer Sports Corporation. 

May adidas opens the world's
largest Sport Performance
Store in New York.  Other
major openings during the
year include Berlin,  MoscowMelbourne and São Paulo. 

May TaylorMade launches
the Rossa® Monza Corza™
putter.  It features the
TaylorMade Launch Control
(TLC) System and the
revolutionary Anti-Skid
Groove System Insert
(AGSI™) technology. 

June Tim Duncan is named
Most Valuable Player of the
NBA finals for the third time
after leading his San Antonio
Spurs to the title in game
seven. 

June The adidas design team
is chosen as 'Design Team
Of The Year 2005" by the
prestigious red dot Design
Award jury. 

July adidas-Salomon AG
and Porsche Design Group
sign a long-term strategic
partnership including
licensing agreement. 

August adidas-Salomon AG
announces plans to acquire
Reebok to create a more
than € 95 billion footprint
in the global athletic footwear,  apparel and hardware
markets. 

September Kenyan adidas
runner Philip Manyim wins
the Berlin Marathon.  Shortly
afterwards,  Haile Gebrselassie wins the Amsterdam
Marathon in a new track
record time. 

October The launch of the
'+10" campaign,  the biggestever adidas global marketing
campaign,  captures a lot of
attention in Germany,  ItalyFrance,  Japan,  Spain and
the USA. 

October Herbert Hainer
receives the German Manager Magazin award as the
manager shareholders most
trust to continually raise the
share price. 

December The new Match
Ball for the 2006 FIFA World
Cup™,  the +Teamgeist™,  is
officially unveiled in Leipzig
during the Final Draw. 

24

Our Share
2005 was another outstanding year for the adidas-Salomon
AG share.  Increasing 35% over the period,  our share outperformed both the DAX-30 and the MSCI World TextilesApparel & Luxury Goods Index.  Our share price development mirrored our strong financial results released over
the course of the year as well as the confidence the stock
market has in our future strategy,  backed by positive
analyst sentiment. 

adidas-Salomon AG Share Outperforms Major Indices
2005 was another successful year for the adidas-Salomon AG
share.  Our share increased 35% compared to the 2004 yearend level.  It thus significantly outperformed the MSCI World
Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury Goods Index comprising the Group's
major competitors,  which increased 12% in 2005,  as well as
the DAX-30.  The latter gained 27% in the same period.  Most
European stock markets also performed positively in 2005. 
After trading sideways at the beginning of the year,  the DAX30,  Germany's premiere stock index,  appreciated strongly in
the second quarter.  A mixed third quarter was followed by an
exceptionally strong fourth quarter,  during which new annual
highs were reached.  The American stock markets could not
keep pace with the performance of their European counterparts.  Rising interest rates and high oil prices limited upside
potential.  The Japanese stock market was driven by an economic upswing that was supported by positive corporate news
flow.  Other Asian markets performed even more strongly. 
Strong Share Price Increase Towards End of First Half
At the beginning of the year,  the adidas-Salomon AG share
was negatively affected by low consumer confidence in key
markets and the weak retail environment in Europe.  The
release of the Group's 2004 full year results and a positive
outlook for 2005 at the beginning of March marked the turning
point for the development of our share price which increased
strongly during the remainder of the first quarter.  Supported
by the overall positive stock market sentiment and especially
the announcement of the Salomon divestiture as well as the
better-than-expected first quarter results,  our share continued to rise strongly in the second quarter.  The declining
euro,  positive macroeconomic sentiment and upbeat corporate news flow positively influenced the markets. 

The adidas-Salomon AG Share 
Number of shares outstanding
2005 average
At year-end 2005
Type of share
Free float
Initial Public Offering
Stock exchange
Stock registration number (ISIN)
Stock symbol
Important indices 
1) All shares carry full dividend rights. 

46736958
50761755 1)
No-par-value share
100%
November 17,  1995
All German stock exchanges
DE0005003404
ADS
DAX-30
MSCI World TextilesApparel & Luxury Goods
Deutsche Börse Prime
Consumer Index
Dow Jones STOXX
Dow Jones EURO STOXX
Dow Jones Sustainability
FTSE4Good Europe 
Our Share 
Jan.  2005
30-day moving average
High and low share prices per month 
16270
13941

13665

14020

14053

13835

15106

14909

14745

14940

15240

15845
12667

12516
11867

12242
11239

105

11700

120

12092

135

13415

13632

150

14275

165

11203

Share Buyback Postponed
On March 9,  2005,  adidas-Salomon AG announced its intention to purchase own shares in the amount of up to 10% of
the Company's share capital.  The necessary authorization had
been given by the Annual General Meeting on May 13,  2004,  and
was renewed at the 2005 Annual General Meeting.  The adidas
Group,  however,  later decided to use free cash in the financing
of the acquisition of Reebok International Ltd.  instead of buying back shares.  The Group believes that this strategic initiative
will benefit shareholder value more than a share buyback and
therefore does not plan to buy back shares before the current
authorization expires on November 3,  2006. 

High and Low Share Prices per Month 
11440

Share Price Rally at End of Second Half
In the third quarter,  the announcement of the Reebok acquisition in August took our share to a seven-year high.  Afterwards,  difficult market conditions and several profit warnings among US sporting goods retailers as well as the effects
of Hurricane Katrina caused our share to cede part of the
ground it had previously gained up to the end of the third
quarter.  In the fourth quarter,  equity markets in general as
well as the adidas-Salomon AG share in particular advanced
strongly.  Despite Reebok's disappointing third quarter resultswhich temporarily depressed our share price,  the prospect of
earlier-than-expected closure of the Reebok acquisition and
improving consumer confidence in Germany helped our share
price rally at year-end.  As a result,  the adidas-Salomon AG
share reached its year high of € 16270 on December 27before closing the year at € 16000. 

Dec.  2005

25
Membership in High-Quality Indices
The adidas-Salomon AG share is included in a variety of highquality indices around the world.  As one of the 30 largest
companies in Germany,  our share is included in the DAX-30. 
At December 31,  2005,  our weighting,  which is calculated
on the basis of market capitalization and 12-month average
equity turnover,  was 139%.  This level marks an increase of
021 percentage points compared to the 2004 year-end level
of 118%.  This development was a consequence of both our
higher market capitalization as well as increased turnover. 
Our share ranked number 18 (2004: 21) and 21 (2004: 22)
according to these criteria respectively.  Market capitalization
benefited from our positive share price development as well as
our capital increase in November (see Group Business Performance/Balance Sheet & Cash Flow).  Our average daily trading volume excluding bank trades rose from 377995 in 2004 to
424093 shares in 2005.  In addition to our membership in the
Dow Jones STOXX,  the Dow Jones EURO STOXX,  and the MSCI
World Index as well as all corresponding sector indices,  the
adidas-Salomon AG share has been included in the Dow
Jones Sustainability Indexes for the sixth consecutive year as
well as the FTSE4Good Europe.  Our rating as industry leader
clearly signals our commitment to combine strong financial
performance with the dedication to social and environmental sustainability and a positive relationship with our stakeholders (see our Social and Environmental Report). 

26
ADR Overview 
American Depositary
Receipts (ADRs)

Rule 144A

00687A107
ADDYY
2:1
Over the counter (OTC)
December 30,  2004
The Bank of New York 
CUSIP
Symbol
ADR ratio
Exchange
Effective date
Depositary bank 
Level I

00687P104
ADDDY
2:1
Portal
November 1,  1995
The Bank of New York 
Historical Performance of the adidas-Salomon AG Share and
Important Indices at Year-End 2005 in %
 year
adidas
DAX-30
MSCI World TextilesApparel & Luxury
Goods 
 years 
 years 
10 years 
35
27

94
87

142
(16)

312
140

12

101

48

86

adidas-Salomon AG Market Capitalization at Year-End
€ in millions
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005

llllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
3823
3738
4104
5466
8122

Positive ADR Performance
On December 30,  2004,  adidas-Salomon AG launched an
unrestricted Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR)
facility in the USA in addition to the Group's existing sponsored Rule 144A facility.  Each ADR represents one-half of
one bearer share of common stock.  The facilities provide US
investors easier access to our share by reducing or eliminating the settlement delays,  transaction costs and other inconveniences associated with international securities trading. 
Since the issuance,  the number of Level 1 ADRs outstanding has quintupled from approximately 80000 to almost
400000 at year-end 2005.  Our Level 1 ADR closed the year
at US$ 9456.  This represents an increase of 18% versus the
first trading price of US$ 8002.  Compared to our common
stock,  the facilities were negatively affected by the depreciating euro. 
Excellent Long-Term Development of the
adidas-Salomon AG Share
The adidas Group is committed to continuously increasing
returns to our shareholders.  The long-term development of
our share price reflects the sustainable growth of our Group. 
Over the last ten years,  our share has gained 312%.  It thereby
developed significantly better than both the DAX-30,  which
increased 140%,  and the MSCI World Index,  which rose 86%
during the same period.  In four of the last five years,  our share
ended the year at a higher level than where it had started.  Our
market capitalization rose to more than € 8 billion at the end
of 2005 versus around € 3 billion at the end of 2000. 

Five-Year Share Price Development 1)

200

150

100

50


Dec.  31,  2000

1) Index: December 31,  2000  100

Recommendation Split 1)

Sell 0%
Hold 25%

Unprecedented Analyst Interest
adidas received unprecedented interest from analysts and
investors in 2005.  More than 30 analysts regularly published
research reports on the adidas Group.  The acquisition of
Reebok International Ltd.  resulted in numerous reports dedicated to the future of the combined Group.  The overall analyst
and investor sentiment was highly positive as our recommendation split as of December 31,  2005,  underlines.  75% of
analysts recommended investors to 'buy" our share in their
latest publication during the 12-month period (2004: 61%). 
The remaining 25% (2004: 36%) advised to 'hold" our share. 
No analyst issued a 'sell" rating (2004: 3%). 

Dec.  31,  2005

adidas-Salomon AG
DAX-30
MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury Goods 
1) At year-end 2005

......... 
............... 
................... 
....................... 
......................... 
........................... 
............................. 
............................... 
................................. 
................................. 
................................... 
................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
................................... 
................................... 
................................. 
................................. 
............................... 
............................. 
........................... 
......................... 
....................... 
................... 
............... 
......... 

Buy 75%

Our Share 
Dividend Level Maintained
The adidas-Salomon AG Executive and Supervisory Boards will
recommend paying a dividend of € 130 to our shareholders at
the Annual General Meeting on May 11,  2006.  Subject to the
meeting's approval,  the dividend will be paid on May 12,  2006. 
The proposed dividend per share is stable compared to the prior
year's level despite the strong increase in the number of shares
outstanding and the high debt position associated with financing the Reebok acquisition (see Group Business Performance). 
The total payout of approximately € 66 million (2004: € 60 million) reflects a payout ratio of 17% (2004: 19%).  The dividend
proposal follows our new dividend policy announced in 2005under which the adidas Group intends to pay out between 15
and 25% of consolidated net income and reflects our philosophy of sharing our operational and financial success with our
shareholders. 
Shareholder Base Becomes Even More International
Based on the amount of invitations to our Annual General
Meeting in May 2005,  we currently estimate that we have
around 69000 shareholders.  According to our latest annual
ownership analysis conducted in March 2005,  known institutional investors accounted for 90% (2004: 84%) of our outstanding shares.  Shareholdings in North America declined
slightly to 25% (2004: 28%).  German institutional investors
accounted for 13% (2004: 16%) of adidas-Salomon AG shares. 
The shareholdings in the rest of Europe excluding Germany
increased strongly to 43% (2004: 36%).  Holdings of other institutional shareholders declined slightly to 3% (2004: 4%). 
Smaller,  undisclosed holdings,  which also include private
investors,  made up 11% of the shares outstanding (2004: 11%). 
The adidas Group Management,  which comprises current
members of the Executive and Supervisory Boards,  continues
to hold less than 5% in total.  Information regarding Directors'
Dealings can be found in the Corporate Governance section of
our corporate website at www, adidas-Group, com and in the
Corporate Governance Report in this report. 

Share Ratios at a Glance 
2005
Basic earnings per share 1)
(before goodwill amortization)
€
(after goodwill amortization)
€
Diluted earnings per share 1)
€
Year-end price
€
High
€
Low
€
Dividend per share
€
Dividend payout
€
Dividend payout ratio

Dividend yield (12-month average)

Price-earnings ratio at year-end
Average trading volume
per trading day
shares
DAX-30 ranking 3) at year-end
by market capitalization
by turnover 
819
819
773
16000
16270
11203
1302)
65990282
17
081
1660

2004

790
688
654
11875
12093
8876
130
59616700
19
109
1726

424093

377995

18
21

21
22

1) Includes income from continuing and discontinued operations
2) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval
3) As reported by Deutsche Börse 
Shareholder Structure 1)

Rest of the world 3%
Management <5%
Other,  undisclosed
Holdings 11%
Germany 13%

1) As at March 2005

......... 
............... 
................... 
....................... 
......................... 
........................... 
............................. 
............................... 
................................. 
................................. 
................................... 
................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
................................... 
................................... 
................................. 
................................. 
............................... 
............................. 
........................... 
......................... 
....................... 
................... 
............... 
......... 

North America 25%

Rest of Europe 43%

27
Investor Relations Activities Further Increased
In 2005,  the adidas Group again intensified relationships with
analysts as well as institutional and private investors.  In the
course of the year,  Management and the Investor Relations
team took part in several international conferences.  Our
presentations revolved around our financial results as well
as strategic initiatives such as the Salomon divestiture and
the acquisition of Reebok.  We also conducted numerous
roadshows in 2005 and were present at several retail investor events throughout Germany.  In October 2005,  we invited
the financial community to participate in our sixth Annual
Investor Day at our headquarters in Herzogenaurach.  Management,  including operational heads of all our brands and
regions,  gave an overview of results,  targets and strategies
for all brands and regions.  Participants also welcomed the
chance to get a first glimpse of our 2006 FIFA World Cup™
products and strategy.  As a result of our ongoing activities
to ensure excellent Investor Relations,  our team was topranked in the industry in the annual survey conducted by the
Institutional Investor magazine. 
Website Serves As Important Communication Tool
Our award-winning website serves as an important platform
to communicate with our shareholders.  At www, adidas-Group. 
com,  we present a schedule of all conferences and roadshows
our Management attends.  Furthermore,  we make all presentations held at these events publicly available for download
to ensure equal treatment of all our shareholders.  We also
offer live webcasts of our analyst conferences,  the Annual
General Meeting,  as well as the Investor Day.  All webcasts
are archived and therefore remain accessible even after the
event.  Furthermore,  our website offers extensive information concerning our share as well as our latest financial data
and an interactive analyst allowing for a detailed analysis of
the Group's historical financial performance.  Ensuring topnotch financial communication with our shareholders and the
financial community will remain a primary goal in 2006. 


28


 tu ana te wanawana,  he kanohi o to ratou 

whenua.  He toa taua te Kapa Pango.  He manawa 
... ... 

wera i te whutupaoro. ...  tuturu... 
... 
... 

Proud to represent their country. 

The All Blacks fight like warriors. 

Rugby is in their blood.  Authentic. 







the group
29

30

The Group 
The adidas Group
strives to be the global leader in the sporting goods industry with sports brands
built on a passion for sports and a sporting lifestyle. 

Corporate Mission Statement 
… We are consumer focused … that means we continuously improve the quality…
…
…
…
look,  feel and image of our products and our organizational structures to match and
exceed consumer expectations and to provide them with the highest value. 
… We are innovation and design leaders … who seek to help athletes of all skill levels
…
…
…
…
achieve peak performance with every product we bring to market. 
… We are a global organization … that is socially and environmentally responsible…
…
…
…
creative and financially rewarding for our employees and shareholders. 
…
…
… We are committed … to continuously strengthening our brands and products to
…
…
improve our competitive position and financial performance. 
… In the medium term … we will extend our leading market positions in Europe
…
…
…
…
and Asia,  expand our share of the US footwear market and be the fastest growing
major sporting goods supplier in Latin America.  The resulting top-line growthtogether with strict cost control and working capital improvements,  will drive
overproportionate earnings growth. 

31

The Group 
32
Consumers 
performance athletes 
sports lifestyle consumers 
fashion-conscious consumers 
golfers 
Brands/Divisions
adidas Sport Performance 
adidas Sport Heritage 
adidas Sport Style 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
Focused Resources
Marketing / Operations / Sales 
Group Strategy
The actions we took in 2005 in reshaping our business were significant steps
towards our goal of leading the sporting goods industry.  Everything we do
focuses on strengthening and developing our brands.  We aim to maximize
consumer impact and enhance brand profitability through the application
of five strategic approaches. 

Group Strategy 
Matching Our Structure to Our Consumers
Anticipating and fulfilling consumer desires and needs is central to building powerful brands.  The adidas Group is structured in a way to unite its brand values with the particular
expectations and aspirations of consumers.  Our approach to
integrating Reebok will reflect this structure by harnessing
Reebok's strong identity with distinct consumer groups.  This
consumer-oriented structure is unique in the industry,  which
is traditionally organized along footwear,  apparel and hardware lines,  and is a competitive advantage for our Group. 
Extending Design and Innovation Leadership
Consumer buying and brand perception in the sporting goods
sector are intrinsically linked to market-leading,  high-profile
technologies and cutting-edge design that capture consumer
imagination.  At adidas,  we are committed to keeping our
product pipeline full with new,  exciting designs and technologies.  We plan to launch at least one major new technology
or technological evolution per year.  Strategic partnerships
also play an important role in this area,  and our relationships
with Stella McCartney,  Polar and Porsche Design help us
widen our design and innovation reach (see Brand Strategies /
adidas).  Information about our major innovations for 2006 is
outlined in the Outlook section of this report. 

Developing Leading Positions in All Our Major Markets
We are in business to win.  We aim to be in the number one
or number two position in all the markets and categories in
which we compete.  To accelerate our future revenue growthwe will intensify our activities with key accounts,  step up ownretail initiatives and increase our focus on selected consumer
groups (e.g.  women and children).  On a regional basis,  our
efforts start in Europe,  where we will extend our leading
position by concentrating on key categories such as football
and running.  In North America,  our goal is to significantly
increase both market share and profitability within the next
three to five years.  In Asia,  where we assumed market leadership in Japan in 2005,  we are striving to generate sales of over
€ 2 billion by 2008.  In Latin America,  we will deliver continued
strong top-line growth in the next three to five years while
improving both efficiency and profitability. 

33
Achieving Excellence in Execution
Great products and marketing are vital to success in our
industry,  but sales growth also depends on consistent on-time
retail delivery,  ensuring best quality and the commitment
and ability to go the extra mile for the customer.  We are particularly focused on shortening and streamlining our global
supply chain,  ensuring best-practice social and environmental standards,  continuously optimizing our own-retail activities to best showcase our brands and products and improving
our customer service efforts.  Further,  we strive to continually improve internal processes,  become more efficient and
reduce complexity throughout our organization. 
Focusing on Financial Performance
Financial performance,  particularly revenue and profit growthis critical to our success.  adidas and TaylorMade-adidas Golf
have achieved excellent results in recent years,  and we are
committed to bringing the Reebok brand family in line with the
Group's profitability standards.  Tight management of working capital and the generation of significant free cash flow
continue to be a priority as these allow us to reduce Group debt
and optimize financial leverage.  Our proven skills in this area
will be important as we work to integrate Reebok.  At the same
time,  we remain committed to increasing returns to shareholders through share price performance and dividends. 

The Group 
34

adidas
adidas has a clear mission 'to be the leading sports
brand in the world".  To accomplish this mission,  the
organization at adidas is matched to the needs of three
groups of sport-oriented consumers: Our Sport Performance division is aimed at meeting the sport-specific
needs of athletes at all performance levels.  Sport Heritage
targets trendsetters who seek sport-inspired streetwear
with an authentic origin,  and Sport Style focuses on young
cosmopolitan consumers who look for exclusive,  fashionoriented sportswear products.  This three-divisional
approach helps us to develop and market innovative products to best meet the needs of today's diverse consumers. 

adidas Sport Performance: Focusing on Functionality
and Innovation
adidas Sport Performance focuses on offering functional and
innovative products in all our sports categories.  Our top five
priorities are football,  running,  basketball,  tennis and training.  We currently hold the number one or number two position
globally in each of these categories.  Exciting new products
are introduced within these categories every season.  In 2006our major initiatives will include the extension of our global
'Impossible Is Nothing" communications campaign,  special
attention to the football,  running and basketball categories
as well as continued efforts to commercialize our major promotion partnerships. 
Impossible Is Nothing: adidas' Attitude Drives Brand
Campaign
 key factor to securing the brand's long-term success is to
continuously expand a strong global brand positioning.  To
achieve this,  we believe a global brand campaign is critical. 
adidas launched the 'Impossible Is Nothing" brand campaign in 2004 with tremendous success and we will continue
to strengthen this message in 2006.  Our goal is to present
'Impossible Is Nothing" in innovative and challenging ways
and to use it to further inspire and involve consumers.  As in
2004 and 2005,  we will celebrate the power of sport and demonstrate our confidence that 'Impossible Is Nothing".  The
fully integrated communication campaign will feature numerous adidas athletes from various sports who share our desire
to surpass limits and to challenge the impossible. 

Leveraging adidas Strength in Football and Using
FIFA World Cup™ as Brand Platform in 2006
At adidas,  football is the heart and soul of our brand.  The
history of the sport has always been closely connected with
adidas.  For example,  our founder Adi Dassler supported the
German national team on their way to the 'Miracle of Bern"
surprise World Cup victory in 1954 by providing the players
with revolutionary boots featuring screw-in studs.  Ever since
then,  adidas has led all major developments in football boot
technology and balls.  And the name adidas has become
synonymous with the passion of how football is playedshared,  enjoyed and celebrated.  This is why adidas is the
world's leading football brand,  both in terms of market share
as well as in overall net sales.  An important component of our
future growth strategy is to further strengthen and extend our
leadership in this category.  The 2006 FIFA World Cup™ will be
the most viewed sports event of all time and adidas intends to
be the most visible brand on and off the pitch.  Six of the qualified federations will be wearing adidas apparel: ArgentinaFrance,  Germany,  Japan,  Spain and Trinidad & Tobago.  Hundreds of players will be wearing adidas footwear during their
2006 FIFA World Cup™ games.  adidas will deliver hundreds
of thousands of products to fully equip federations,  playersreferees,  ball boys,  stewards and volunteers.  And our exciting '+10" advertising campaign will communicate our unique
commitment to football (see Innovation and Marketing). 

Brand Strategies 
New Technologies and Products Support Running's
Race for the Number One Position
Running is the world's largest footwear category and an area
where adidas has always been strong.  We strive to be the leader
in performance,  innovation,  design,  and ultimately in volume. 
We will create excitement amongst runners of all skill levels
by providing the most innovative products and addressing
specific performance needs.  With the adidas1,  intelligence
level 11,  we have launched an updated and improved version
of the adidas1 running shoe.  It features a built-in microprocessor for intelligent cushioning that automatically and
continuously adjusts to the unique needs of individual athletes
and changing surface conditions.  In addition,  we will expand
our successful Ground Control System™,  ClimaCool® and a3®
technologies.  Furthermore,  we will continue to attack and
grow in the technical running market by further developing
our three,  strongly established running families.  The adiStar®
family consists of premium performance products,  built with
our newest technologies.  The Supernova™ line includes highperformance products constructed using our most viable
technologies.  Finally,  our Response™ family features performance products with our most commercial technologies. 
We will support these innovations and the rest of our strong
offering in running with high-impact marketing and communication around the world. 

Sponsorship with Key Players and Innovation to be
Drivers of Basketball Business
The basketball category plays a key role in our initiatives to
drive sales growth and to position the adidas brand as young
and creative,  particularly in North America.  As a result,  we will
continue to intensify our basketball efforts and grow our basketball business around the world,  especially in the USA and
in Asia.  Three of the best and most inspirational NBA players
spearhead adidas basketball: Tracy McGrady,  Kevin Garnett
and Tim Duncan.  In addition,  with athletes such as the most
dominant young player in Dwight Howard,  the game's fastest
player in Gilbert Arenas,  the most clutch player in Chauncey
Billups,  Grant Hill,  Jerry Stackhouse,  Slam Dunk Champion
Josh Smith and the first guard drafted out of high school
Sebastian Telfair we have an exciting stable of established
and young NBA stars that will showcase the entire range of
adidas basketball products.  Since we are committed to constant innovation for our superstars in 2006,  we will launch
new signature products for Kevin Garnett and Tracy McGrady. 
Two-time MVP and three-time Champion Tim Duncan will
help us launch the world´s first intelligent basketball shoe:
the adidas1 Basketball.  This product concept ushers in a
new generation of innovative footwear design that could revolutionize the industry.  At adidas in 2006,  will move closer to
our goal of having the most innovative and most complete
basketball product offering ever. 

adidas 
35

Strategic Partnerships Help Propel adidas Forward
To further extend our position as a global performance brandadidas has recently entered into strategic partnerships with
Stella McCartney,  Polar and Porsche Design.  Each is a unique
arrangement that allows us to partner with leaders in design
and innovation to extend the reach of the adidas brand.  The
'adidas by Stella McCartney" collection introduced in 2005
was the first ever functional performance range for women
created by a high-end fashion designer.  The collaboration
with Stella McCartney is intended to combine Stella's unique
design and her instinctive insight into women with adidas'
knowledge in creating breakthrough functional sports products.  In 2006,  this collection will be expanded and extended
into new sports categories.  adidas has also formed a partnership with Polar,  the innovative market leader in heart rate
monitoring technology.  In the next six months,  we plan to
introduce the world's first completely integrated training system which seamlessly integrates Polar monitoring equipment
into adidas apparel and footwear.  Additionally,  adidas and the
Porsche Design Group have entered into a long-term strategic partnership and licensing agreement,  to jointly establish
an exclusive,  high-tech premium brand in the sports sector. 
Footwear,  apparel and hardware for golf,  tennis,  running and
possibly other sports will all be designed and developed under
the name 'Porsche Design" and co-branded with adidas and
TaylorMade. 

The Group 
36
adidas Sport Heritage: Continued Growth Worldwide
Over the past five years,  sports lifestyle has been the fastestgrowing segment in the sporting goods industry.  And our goal
is to be the brand of choice in the global sports lifestyle market. 
This division,  started in 2000,  has become a more than € 1 billion segment for adidas,  which is now one of the key trendsetting brands in the market for the sports lifestyle consumer. 
Selective distribution to prevent dilution of the brand plays a
major role in the development of this division.  Our ambitious
own-retail strategy will also help us to further commercialize this success.  In 2006,  we will further sharpen our market
segmentation with exciting new concepts to directly address
today's lifestyle consumer.  Additionally,  we will expand our
apparel offering and our distribution to directional accounts. 

adidas Sport Style: Expanding the Power of the Brand
The adidas Sport Style division is entering its fourth year in
2006.  At adidas,  we know that niche marketing is increasingly important and that successful brands are those which
can reach not only larger audiences but also small and
influential ones.  Our Y-3 collection,  developed with designer
Yohji Yamamoto,  is helping us extend our product appeal to
cosmopolitan consumers who are looking for exclusive,  styleleading active sportswear products.  The collection is limited
to fashion-oriented accounts in Europe,  North America and
Asia.  Influential designs combined with the highest quality
standards clearly distinguish Y-3 from any other product in
the market.  With Y-3,  the adidas brand has distinctly established itself as a design leader in the industry.  Yamamoto's
strong presence in this area allows us to expand the power of
the adidas brand to help reach out to style setters and fashion
industry visionaries. 

Brand Strategies 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  which changed the game of golf
by bringing the metalwood to the masses 27 years agotoday enjoys the reputation as the number one driver
brand in golf and strives to continually extend its position
as the best performance brand in golf.  Yet the organization's success reaches far beyond that single category. 
Every brand under the TaylorMade-adidas Golf umbrella
is synonymous with authenticity,  innovation and qualitybe it TaylorMade metalwoods,  hybrids and irons,  Rossa®
putters,  Maxfli® and Noodle® balls,  or adidas Golf footwear
and apparel. 

TaylorMade Expands Use of Movable Weight Technology™
to New Metalwoods
TaylorMade has expanded the use of its revolutionary Movable
Weight Technology™ (MWT™),  the innovation that helped
make the r7® quad a bestseller in the marketplace and the
number one driver on the PGA Tour in both 2004 and 2005. 
Products incorporating MWT™ that debuted last year include
r7® TP fairway woods,  Rescue® dual hybrids and the next
generation of r7® drivers in 2005,  the r7® 425 and r7® 460. 
The title 'r7®" applies to the precise management of launch
conditions,  be it in metalwoods or irons.  In December 2005TaylorMade unveiled two irons worthy of the r7® name,  the
r7® XD and r7® CGB MAX,  which we expect to be important
revenue drivers in 2006.  Both work to shift the center of gravity low and deep,  making them exceptionally easy to launch
high and long.  Both are equipped with TaylorMade's Inverted
Cone Technology which dramatically increases the size of the
clubface zone that delivers high initial ball speed. 
TaylorMade Introduces AGSI™ Putter Technology
Rossa® putters took tremendous strides in 2005,  spurred
by the introduction of the Anti-Skid Groove System Insert
(AGSI™),  a clubface technology employing 12 carefully engineered grooves designed to reduce backspin and encourage
forward spin,  promoting a smoother roll,  better control and
enhanced accuracy.  AGSI™ technology was quickly validated
on tour as numerous tour pros put it into play including Sergio
Garcia,  Sean O'Hair and Tim Petrovic,  each of whom won with
it.  Rossa® became the number two putter in Japan in late
2005 and the excitement picked up where it left off at the start
of 2006,  when Rossa® ranked as the number one putter brand
at the season-opening Mercedes Championships the first
time that TaylorMade has topped the putter category in a PGA
Tour event. 

adidas
TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
37

Golf Ball Category Set to Increase Profitability
In 2005,  we saw the introduction of the BlackMAX®,  a threepiece urethane ball that combines tour-caliber spin and
distance with a softer,  more satisfying sound and feel.  The
popular Noodle® franchise,  synonymous with 'long-and-soft"
performance,  was reinvented in 2005 and now consists of the
original Noodle®,  the Longest Noodle®,  the Softest Noodle®
and Noodle Ice™.  This year,  a premium ball bearing the
TaylorMade name,  called TaylorMade® Tour Preferred® (TP)will be launched in spring 2006.  In tandem with this product
initiative,  premium golf ball production was brought in-house
in late 2005 and the value category is being outsourced to Asia. 
As a result of this new sourcing strategy,  TaylorMade-adidas
Golf plans to increase both golf ball sales and profitability at
double-digit rates in 2006. 
adidas Golf Enjoys Continuing Success
adidas Golf is the fastest-growing footwear and apparel brand
in golf,  as a result of our steady commitment to developing
great-looking,  great-feeling,  performance-enhancing products that we view as 'equipment for the body".  This includes
golf wear such as ClimaCool® for warm weather comfortClima Compression for cool weather comfort and ClimaProof®
for all-weather comfort,  and footwear such as Tour MetalTorsion® Euro,  Driver Isabelle and the groundbreaking Tour
360.  adidas Golf apparel and footwear is the choice of athletes
such as Sergio Garcia,  Sean O'Hair,  Kerry Perry,  Peter LonardHidemichi Tanaka,  Paula Creamer and Natalie Gulbis.  It is
also favored by a growing number of dedicated amateurs as
sales of adidas Golf equipment rose significantly in 2005 for
the second year,  and we expect continued success in 2006. 

The Group 
38
Europe (incl.  Africa and Middle East)

Asia 

2

4

6

8

10

13
14
15
16
17
18

adidas-Salomon AG Headquarters Herzogenaurach / Germany
adidas International B. V.  Amsterdam / Netherlands
adidas International Marketing B. V.  Amsterdam / Netherlands
adidas International Trading B. V.  Amsterdam / Netherlands
adidas (UK) Ltd.  Stockport / Great Britain
adidas Sarragan France S, a, r, l.  Landersheim / France
adidas Italia S, r, l.  Monza / Italy
adidas España S. A.  Zaragoza / Spain
Taylor Made Golf Ltd.  Basingstoke / Great Britain
adidas Emerging Markets L. L. C.  Dubai / United Arab Emirates 
adidas Sourcing Ltd.  Hong Kong / China
adidas (Suzhou) Co.  Ltd.  Suzhou / China
adidas Japan K. K.  Tokyo / Japan
adidas Korea Ltd.  Seoul / Korea
adidas Australia Pty.  Ltd.  Mulgrave,  Victoria / Australia
Taylor Made Golf Co.  Ltd.  Tokyo / Japan 
Latin America
19 adidas Latin America S. A.  Panama City / Panama
20 adidas Argentina S. A.  Buenos Aires / Argentina
21 adidas do Brasil Ltda.  São Paulo / Brazil 
North America
11 adidas North America Inc.  Portland,  Oregon / USA
12 TaylorMade Golf Co.  Inc.  Carlsbad,  California / USA

Major Locations
The adidas Group is represented in major markets around the world.  As at
December 31,  2005,  the Group had more than 80 subsidiaries worldwide
with headquarters in Herzogenaurach,  Germany.  The major subsidiaries
are listed above and highlighted in the world map. 
........................................................... 

................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
Major Locations
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
11

................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
234

................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
 1
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 

................................................................................................................................................................. 
16
15 18
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 

12
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
14
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
13
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
10
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
19
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
21
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
20
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
17
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
For a detailed list of all subsidiaries of the adidas Group at December 31,  2005,  see Shareholdings. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 
................................................................................................................................................................. 

39


40


Flair? Always.  Style? Absolutely. 


Every shot Natalie Gulbis plays is an expression 
... 
... 

of her love for the game. ...  Passionate... 
... 
... 







corporate 
governance
41

Corporate Governance 
42

Corporate Governance
Report
We are committed to the principles of good corporate
governance and continually strive to strengthen and
sustain the trust that national and international investorsbusiness partners,  employees and the public have placed
in us.  Accordingly,  our Executive and Supervisory Boards
regularly evaluate the latest national and international
standards in responsible,  transparent and efficient company management with the objective of enhancing corporate governance at adidas and creating sustainable
value.  In this report,  we outline our corporate governance
activities in the year under review,  which focused on
the adoption of new Rules of Procedure for both Boardsan efficiency review of the Supervisory Board and the
implementation of its results as well as on the examination of the updated German Corporate Governance Code. 

Dual Board Structure: Executive and Supervisory Boards
In accordance with the German Stock Corporation Act
(Aktiengesetz),  adidas-Salomon AG has a dual board structure consisting of an Executive Board with management functions and a Supervisory Board with control functions.  These
two Boards are strictly separated in terms of membership and
competencies.  Our Executive Board is currently composed of
four members (see Executive Board).  Our Supervisory Board
comprises six members representing the shareholders and
six members representing the employees as required by the
German Co-Determination Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz) (see
Supervisory Board). 

Efficiency through Supervisory Board Committees
In order to perform its tasks as efficiently as possible,  our
Supervisory Board has formed the following committees:
…
… The Steering Committee,  which consists of the Super…
visory Board Chairman and his two deputies,  discusses major
issues,  prepares resolutions and may in special urgent cases
take resolutions in lieu of the Supervisory Board. 
…
… The co-determined General Committee comprises four
…
members and in particular is responsible for the preparation of the Supervisory Board resolutions on the employment
of Executive Board members,  decides on the contents of the
relevant employment agreements and determines the structure and level of the Executive Board compensation. 
… The co-determined Audit Committee with four members
…
…
deals primarily with accounting and risk management issuesdiscusses the quarterly results and prepares the Supervisory
Board resolutions on the annual financial statements and
consolidated financial statements as well as the agreement
with the auditor. 
…
… The four-member Mediation Committee formed in accor…
dance with § 27 section 3 of the German Co-Determination
Act submits proposals to the Supervisory Board regarding
the appointment or dismissal of Executive Board members
if the two-thirds Supervisory Board majority required for an
appointment or dismissal is not achieved. 
…
… Furthermore,  the co-determined 'Reebok Corporate
…
Actions" Committee was established ad hoc with four members for the purpose of discussing and resolving on the
capital increase carried out in connection with the Reebok
acquisition. 
 summary of the committees' activities in 2005 can be found
in the Supervisory Board Report.  An overview of the individual committee members is given in the Supervisory Board
Overview. 

Corporate Governance Report 
Close Cooperation between Executive and
Supervisory Boards
Our Executive and Supervisory Boards cooperate with each
other closely and on a basis of mutual trust in the best interest of the Group.  Our Executive Board develops the Group's
strategic orientation,  coordinates it with the Supervisory
Board and ensures its implementation.  It informs the Supervisory Board frequently,  expeditiously and comprehensively
on the Group's strategy,  planning,  business developmentrisk assessment and risk management.  In particular,  the
Chairmen of our Executive and Supervisory Boards maintain
frequent contact.  For certain business transactions and measures such as engaging in or giving up major fields of activitythe acquisition or disposal of substantial corporate holdings
and the approval of the budget and capital expenditure and
financial plan,  the Executive Board must obtain the Supervisory Board's prior consent.  For particularly urgent mattersthe Supervisory Board can also take resolutions by way of a
written circular vote. 

New Rules of Procedure Adopted
In May 2005,  our Supervisory Board adopted new Rules of
Procedure that align with the German Corporate Governance
Code.  They contain a comprehensive list of transactions for
which the Executive Board must obtain prior approval from the
Supervisory Board as well as principles for the Supervisory
Board members' independence,  experience and expert knowledge.  In August 2005,  the Rules of Procedure for the Executive
Board were also updated to better reflect the Corporate
Governance Code and the current requirements in German
legislation.  Both Rules of Procedure can be viewed online at
www, adidas-Group, com. 
Efficiency Review Conducted
In 2005,  our Supervisory Board carried out an efficiency review of its activities by means of detailed questionnaires and
individual interviews conducted by an external consultant.  The
main topics were the preparation,  frequency,  procedure and
agenda of Supervisory Board meetings,  the activities of the
Supervisory Board committees as well as the quality,  quantity
and timeliness of the information provided by the Executive
Board.  The results were then discussed with the Executive
Board.  The scope and timeframe of the documents and information communicated by the Executive Board were identified
as areas for potential improvement.  The Executive Board's
proposals on how to optimize these items were implemented
immediately.  In all other respects,  the organization of meetings as well as the Supervisory Board's activities were rated
as positive and efficient.  It is planned to carry out an efficiency
review every two years. 

43
Proactive Communication Efforts
We are committed to a proactive information strategy to promote transparency for the benefit of all stakeholders.  In accordance with the principles of fair disclosure,  we make new
information immediately available to institutional investorsprivate shareholders,  financial analysts and the public in both
English and German.  For this purpose,  we use the Internet as
our main communication platform (www, adidas-Group, com). 
With our financial reports,  analyst and press conferencesad-hoc releases,  press releases and Annual General Meeting information,  all interested parties have the possibility to
form an up-to-date and authentic opinion about our Group. 
We also provide a financial calendar with all important dates
and events on our website,  in all quarterly reports as well as
in this Annual Report (see Inside Back Cover). 

Corporate Governance 
44
Directors' Dealings
According to § 15a of the German Securities Trading Act
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz),  Executive and Supervisory Board
members as well as other key executives are required to disclose purchase or sale transactions with adidas-Salomon AG
shares and related financial instruments (Directors' Dealings).  In 2005,  we received and published Directors' Dealings
notifications on such transactions with adidas-Salomon AG
shares (ISIN DE0005003404) as stated in the adjacent table. 
Share Ownership of Executive and Supervisory Boards
We report the ownership of shares and related financial
instruments by Executive Board and Supervisory Board
members only if it exceeds the threshold of 5% of the adidasSalomon AG shares issued (see our 2006 Declaration of
Compliance).  In 2005,  we received no such notifications. 
Annual General Meeting Participation Facilitated
Due to the very broad and international nature of our shareholder structure (see Our Share),  we put considerable efforts
into facilitating access to information and corporate events. 
We hence offer all national and international shareholders
who register for the Annual General Meeting but cannot
attend in person the well-proven service of transferring their
voting rights to proxies appointed by the Company.  The binding voting instructions can be submitted to the proxies in
writing or via the Internet until the end of the general debate
of the Annual General Meeting.  We also provide a publicly
available live webcast of the entire Annual General Meeting
on our website (www, adidas-Group, com) in both English and
German.  We will continue these services for our next Annual
General Meeting,  which will take place on May 11,  2006,  in
Fürth,  Germany. 

Directors' Dealings in 2005 1)

Date/Place
May 5,  2005
Frankfurt/Main
June 13,  2005
Frankfurt/Main
August 3,  2005
Frankfurt/Main
August 4,  2005
Frankfurt/Main
August 4,  2005
Frankfurt/Main
August 22,  2005
Frankfurt/Main
December 1,  2005
Frankfurt/Main
December 19,  2005
Frankfurt/Main
December 20,  2005
Frankfurt/Main
December 20,  2005
Frankfurt/Main 
Name 
Position 
Type of
transaction 
Number
of items 
Price
in €

Transaction
volume in €

Christian Tourres 
Supervisory Board member 
Sale 
20000

130085

2601700

Christian Tourres 
Supervisory Board member 
Sale 
20000

14000

2800000

Christian Tourres 
Supervisory Board member 
Sale 
100000

155396

15539600

Christian Tourres 
Supervisory Board member 
Sale 
20000

16120

3224000

Fritz Kammerer 
Supervisory Board member 
Sale 
100

15732

15732

Christian Tourres 
Supervisory Board member 
Purchase 
20000

14500

2900000

Christian Tourres 
Supervisory Board member 
Sale 
20000

150469

3009380

Christian Tourres 
Supervisory Board member 
Sale 
4825

16000

772000

Christian Tourres 
Supervisory Board member 
Sale 
15175

16000

2428000

Christian Tourres 
Supervisory Board member 
Sale 
20000

16000

3200000

1) Information about notifications of share purchases and sales through the exercise of option rights within the scope of the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP),  which no longer require
reporting pursuant to the effective Issuer Guidelines of the German Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) and which we published until
August 29,  2005,  as well as the above overview can be found at www, adidas-Group, com/directorsdealings. 

Corporate Governance Report 
Compliance with Additional Recommendations of
German Corporate Governance Code
Our Executive and Supervisory Boards regularly reviewed all
aspects of good corporate governance and issued an updated
Declaration of Compliance in accordance with § 161 of the
German Stock Corporation Act on February 9,  2006.  As part
of our ongoing efforts to increase transparency,  we disclose
the individual compensation of our Executive Board members in 2005 as well as the individual compensation paid to
Supervisory Board members providing advisory and consultancy work in 2005.  As a result,  we comply with two additional
recommendations of the current Corporate Governance Code. 
We also comply without exception with all new recommendations introduced in 2005 as well as with the majority of the
Code's non-binding suggestions.  A summary of our current
Declaration of Compliance is given in the following while the
full text is published on our website at www, adidas-Group. 
com/corporategovernance together with all past Declarations of Compliance. 

adidas-Salomon AG has been and will be in compliance with
all recommendations of the German Corporate Governance
Code dated June 2,  2005,  with the following exceptions:
…
… The D&O liability insurance for our Executive and
…
Supervisory Board members does not include a deductible
as this is not common outside Germany.  Furthermore,  we
believe that it is not appropriate for our Group insurance
policy,  which covers a large number of high-level executives
in Germany and abroad,  to differentiate between Executive
and Supervisory Board members and other executives. 
…
… The structure and level of the Executive Board compen…
sation is reviewed and determined by the Supervisory Board's
General Committee as this system has proven successful.  The
General Committee informs the Supervisory Board plenum
on the respective results. 
… The stock options granted to the Executive Board within
…
…
the scope of the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) do
not provide a possibility of limitation (cap) for extraordinaryunforeseen developments as all stock options had already
been granted before this recommendation of the Corporate
Governance Code was introduced in May 2003.  Howevershould we decide to initiate a new stock option plan in the
future,  we will comply with this recommendation. 
… We do not specify an age limit for Supervisory Board
…
…
members as we believe that this would narrow the rights of
our shareholders and employees to elect their representatives to the Supervisory Board. 

45
… Our Supervisory Board compensation does not include
…
…
 variable component linked to the Group's performance in
order to ensure the independent supervision required.  As
the work of the Supervisory Board and its committees has
been successful in the past,  we believe there is no necessity
for additional compensation for membership in a Supervisory
Board committee. 
… We report the number of shares or related financial
…
…
instruments held by individual Executive and Supervisory
Board members if it directly or indirectly exceeds 5% of the
shares issued by adidas-Salomon AG.  If the entire ownership
of all Executive and Supervisory Board members exceeds 5%the entire ownership is reported separately for the Executive
Board and the Supervisory Board,  provided we have received
the according notifications.  § 21 of the German Securities
Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) specifies a threshold
of 5% for the disclosure of shareholdings subject to reporting.  We also regard this threshold as appropriate for adidasSalomon AG. 
More Information about Corporate Governance
All documents related to corporate governance at adidasSalomon AG are available on our website at www, adidasGroup, com /corporategovernance. 

Corporate Governance 
46

Compensation Report
In our Compensation Report,  which is based on the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Codewe summarize the principles relevant for determining 
Executive Board Compensation in 2005
Responsibility Assigned to General Committee
In accordance with its new Rules of Procedure,  our Supervisory Board has again assigned matters relating to the
structure and level of Executive Board compensation to its
co-determined General Committee as this system has proven
successful. 

the compensation of our Executive Board and outline
the structure and level of Executive Board compensation
as well as the compensation of our Supervisory Board. 
The individualized compensation of our Executive Board
members broken down by the different components is
given in the notes to the consolidated financial statements
as required by the German Corporate Governance Code
(see Notes Additional Information/note 34). 

Compensation Consists of Three Components
The structure of our Executive Board's compensation is based
on our Group's size and global orientation as well as financial and economic position.  In addition,  the compensation is
determined by criteria including the responsibilities and the
contribution of the respective Executive Board member,  his
individual performance as well as the performance of the
entire Executive Board.  Performance-related componentswhich comprise the greatest share in the compensation,  are
designed in such a way as to present a clear incentive for our
Executive Board members to achieve the defined targets and
to support a sustainable value-oriented management. 

The compensation of our Executive Board comprises the following components:
… A non-performance-related component consisting of base
…
…
salary and benefits in kind. 
…
… A performance-related component consisting of:
…
…
… a Performance Bonus,  which is linked to the base salary
…
and depends on the individual performance of the respective
Executive Board member as well as on the Group's results
and is paid out following the end of the respective fiscal year;
and
…
… a Long-Term Incentive Plan Bonus (LTIP Bonus) to be
…
paid out in 2006,  the amount of which is determined by the
attainment of predefined earnings improvements during the
three-year period from 2003 to 20051)
…
… A share-based component in the form of compensation
…
through the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP),  which is
calculated on the basis of a performance discount consisting
of an absolute and a relative performance component.  The
option rights,  which were issued in several tranches under
the share option plan adopted by the 1999 Annual General
Meeting,  are exercisable over a period of five years following
 two-year vesting period,  provided that at least one of the two
performance targets,  i, e.  absolute performance and relative
performance,  has been attained (see Notes Additional Information/note 32).  Executive Board members were last granted
options under the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) in
August 2002.  No new share option plan has been adopted by
the Annual General Meeting. 

1) The General Committee has decided to implement a subsequent plan for the three-year
period from 2006 to 2008 (LTIP 2006–2008). 

Compensation Report 
Compensation Level Reflects Strong Performance Orientation
This year,  we make the first individualized disclosure of the
compensation of our Executive Board in accordance with the
German Corporate Governance Code to further increase the
transparency of our reporting.  The adjacent table provides an
overview of the total compensation of our Executive Boardwhile the individualized compensation broken down by the
different components is given in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements (see Notes Additional Information /note
34) as required by the German Corporate Governance Code. 
Stock Options
In 2005,  a total of 29900 options were exercised within the
scope of the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) by the
current members of our Executive Board in the full year period
and by the retired Executive Board member Michel Perraudin
in the period until March 31,  2005.  As a result,  their sharebased compensation totaled € 265 million.  The total number
of outstanding stock options held by current Executive Board
members of our Company as at December 31,  2005,  amounts
to 11900. 
Loans
No members of the Executive Board were granted loans in
2005. 
Pension Provisions
At year-end 2005,  provisions for pension obligations
regarding the current Executive Board members amounted
to € 825 million.  Pension provisions for pension obligations
regarding former members of the Executive Board amounted
to € 4855 million in total. 
Pension Payments to Former Executive Board Members
In 2005,  former members of the Executive Board received
pension payments totaling € 135 million. 

Supervisory Board Compensation in 2005
Compensation Set Out in the Articles of Association
The compensation of our Supervisory Board members was
resolved upon by the Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2003and is contained in our Articles of Association.  The Supervisory Board compensation consists of a fixed annual payment
amounting to € 21000 for each member,  twice the amount
for the Chairman and one and a half times the amount for
each Deputy Chairman.  All members receive reimbursement
for their out-of-pocket expenses associated with Supervisory
Board meetings. 
Loans
No members of the Supervisory Board were granted loans
in 2005. 

Executive Board Compensation in 2005
Supervisory Board Compensation in 2005

47

Executive Board Members' Compensation € in thousands 
2005
Total compensation
Non-performance-related component
Performance-related components
(Performance Bonus + LTIP Bonus)
Share-based component (MSOP)

2004

114301)
2998
57803)

149822)
3380
7996

26524)

3606

1) Contains the compensation paid to the Executive Board members Herbert Hainer,  Glenn
Bennett,  Michel Perraudin (until March 31,  2005),  Robin Stalker and Erich Stamminger. 
2) Contains the compensation paid to the Executive Board members Herbert Hainer,  Glenn
Bennett,  Manfred Ihle (until June 30,  2004),  Michel Perraudin,  Robin Stalker and Erich
Stamminger. 
3) Also contains accrued expenses in 2005 for the LTIP Bonus to be paid out in 2006 upon
attainment of the targets as well as the 2005 Performance Bonus paid out on a pro-rata
basis to Michel Perraudin,  who retired in 2005. 
4) Contains in the case of Michel Perraudin,  who retired effective March 31,  2005,  only
the compensation received through options exercised before his retirement. 

Supervisory Board Members' Compensation in 2005 under the
Articles of Association in € per member
Chairman of the Supervisory Board
Henri Filho
Deputy Chairmen of the Supervisory Board
Dr.  Hans Friderichs,  Fritz Kammerer
Members
Sabine Bauer,  Dr.  iur.  Manfred Gentz,  Igor LandauRoland Nosko,  Hans Ruprecht,  Willi SchwerdtleHeidi Thaler-Veh,  Christian Tourres,  Klaus Weiß
Total compensation 
42000
31500

21000
294000

Supervisory Board Members' Compensation in 2005 for
Advisory and Consultancy Services in €
Henri Filho
Dr.  Hans Friderichs
Total compensation 
306800
204517
511317

Corporate Governance 
48

Supervisory Board
Report 
Dear Shareholders2005 was another very successful year for the adidas Group. 
Our currency-neutral sales from continuing operations
grew by 12%,  and our earnings by 31%.  With the sale of the
Salomon business segment and the Reebok acquisitionwhich was completed in January 2006,  the Group has been
able to achieve a sustainable increase in company value for
its shareholders. 
In the year under review,  we dealt intensively with the future
long-term positioning of the adidas Group within the sporting goods industry,  and with the business and financial position of the Group.  In addition to the four regular meetings of
the Supervisory Board,  we held one extraordinary meeting in
which Supervisory Board members unable to attend participated via a conference call,  and we passed further resolutions
on urgent matters by way of circular vote.  We continuously
monitored the Group's management and advised the Executive Board.  The Executive Board informed us regularly and
in a timely manner about the position of the Group,  in particular about the Group's business and financial position as
well as corporate policy and matters relating to major business transactions,  by means of detailed verbal and written
reports. 
Furthermore,  as Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  I also
maintained regular contact with the Executive Board between the Supervisory Board meetings and was kept thoroughly informed about the current business situation and
major business transactions.  In addition,  we regularly
discussed the Group's strategic orientation and risk management.  The attendance rate of the Supervisory Board
members at all meetings was 100% with the exception of one
meeting which one Supervisory Board member was unable
to attend due to urgent business commitments elsewhere. 
The external auditor KPMG Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft WirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaftFrankfurt am Main ('KPMG") attended the annual financial
statements meeting and the meetings where the quarterly
financial statements were presented. 

Main Topics Covered and Examined by the Supervisory
Board in Plenum
The positive development of sales and earnings and the
financial position of the Group as well as the individual
operational units was the subject of regular consultations. 
Furthermore,  items on the agenda included numerous
specific topics which were dealt with and discussed together
with the Executive Board.  At the Supervisory Board meeting on March 3,  2005,  we reviewed the financial statementsconsolidated financial statements and management reports
for the year ending December 31,  2004,  as certified by the
auditor,  and the proposal put forward by the Executive Board
regarding the appropriation of retained earnings.  Additionallywe discussed in detail the proposed resolutions to be put to
the Annual General Meeting.  The only item on the agenda of
the extraordinary Supervisory Board meeting on May 2,  2005was the decision on the sale of the Salomon business segment.  Following in-depth discussions regarding financial and
strategic aspects,  we approved the sale to the Helsinki-based
Amer Sports Corporation.  In the regular Supervisory Board
meeting on the following day,  we dealt with the results for the
first quarter of 2005 and corporate governance topics.  After
detailed discussions,  we approved new Rules of Procedure
for the Supervisory Board as well as implementation of the
improvement possibilities resulting from the efficiency review
regarding the work of the Supervisory Board,  which was otherwise evaluated as efficient and constructive.  A further item
on the agenda of this meeting was the appointment of Robin
Stalker as Labor Director,  following the retirement of Michel
Perraudin from the Executive Board of our Company upon the
expiry of his appointment on March 31,  2005. 
At our Supervisory Board meeting on August 2,  2005,  we
discussed the financial statements for the first half year. 
Furthermore,  the Executive Board reported to us in detail
about the current status of the sale of the Salomon business
segment.  A main focus of our consultations was the potential
acquisition of Reebok,  the related opportunities,  the strategic
aims pursued and the impact on the adidas Group's financial
position.  We scrutinized and evaluated the plans submitted
by the Executive Board in this respect.  Following an in-depth
discussion with the Executive Board and within the Supervisory Board,  we approved the transaction in the early hours
of the morning on August 3,  2005. 

Supervisory Board Report 
The main focus of our meeting on November 2,  2005,  was the
budget and investment plan for the adidas Group for 2006which we approved after critically examining the assumptions
set out in detailed presentations and obtaining further information from the Executive Board.  Another item on the agenda
of this meeting was information concerning the appointment of
KPMG as auditor of the financial statements and consolidated
financial statements for 2005 as well as the audit priorities
agreed between the Audit Committee and the auditor.  In addition,  the Executive Board reported to us in detail concerning
the progress of the integration plan established in conjunction with the acquisition of Reebok.  After the Executive Board
had presented to us in detail the various key financing components relating to the Reebok acquisition,  we established the
'Reebok Corporate Actions" Committee. 
Report from the Committees
In the year under review,  the Supervisory Board had five
committees as outlined below:
…
… The General Committee met twice in the year under
…
review,  discussing in detail various matters relating to the
Executive Board.  Items on the agenda included the structure and amount of Executive Board compensation and the
Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP),  which expired at the end of
2005.  Further,  the General Committee approved a new LongTerm Incentive Plan effective from 2006,  covering a three-year
period (LTIP 2006-2008). 
… The Audit Committee met three times in the year under
…
…
review.  The members discussed in detail the financial statements and consolidated financial statements for 2004 and
dealt intensively with the half year and nine months results. 
Further topics included preparation of the Supervisory Board
proposal concerning the appointment of the auditor to be
presented to the Annual General Meeting as well as discussion and definition of the audit priorities.  The external auditor
attended all meetings of the Audit Committee. 

… The Steering Committee and the Mediation Committee
…
…
formed in accordance with the German Co-Determination Act
(MitbestG) did not meet in the year under review as there was
no call for action in the respective areas. 
… The 'Reebok Corporate Actions" Committee,  which was
…
…
formed ad hoc,  met on November 3,  2005,  and following
in-depth discussions approved a capital increase from authorized capital. 
The chairmen of the committees regularly informed us about
the work and decisions of the committees,  ensuring a comprehensive exchange of information and good cooperation between the committees and the Supervisory Board in plenum. 
Change in the Composition of the Executive Board
Michel Perraudin,  who was responsible for Global Human
Resources,  Key Projects & Corporate Services,  retired from
the Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG upon expiry of
his appointment on March 31,  2005.  We wish to thank Michel
Perraudin for his personal dedication and the commitment
with which he performed his tasks over many years. 
Declaration of Compliance Underpins Good
Corporate Governance
We report on corporate governance at adidas-Salomon AG
together with the Executive Board in the Corporate Governance Report in the annual report.  On February 9,  2006,  the
Executive Board and the Supervisory Board presented an
updated Declaration of Compliance in accordance with § 161
AktG (German Stock Corporation Act),  which was made permanently available to the shareholders of adidas-Salomon AG
on the corporate website on February 9,  2006. 
Detailed Examination and Discussion of the 2005 Financial
Statements and Consolidated Financial Statements
KPMG audited the financial statements and management report of adidas-Salomon AG for 2005 prepared in accordance
with the requirements of the German Commercial Code
(HGB) and issued an unqualified opinion thereon.  The auditor
also approved without qualification the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with § 315a HGB in
compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS) and supplemented by a Group Management Report. 

49
The financial statements,  the proposal put forward by the
Executive Board regarding the appropriation of retained
earnings and the auditor's reports were submitted to the
Audit Committee and the Supervisory Board in a timely manner.  They were examined in detail first by the Audit Committee
and subsequently at our annual financial statements meeting
on March 1,  2006,  and were discussed in the presence of the
auditor who reported on the material results of the audit and
was available for the provision of supplementary information. 
Having examined the financial statements of adidas-Salomon
AG,  the consolidated financial statements and the management reports,  we came to the conclusion that there were no
objections to be raised.  We therefore approved the results of
the audit,  following the recommendation of the Audit Committee,  and adopted the financial statements prepared by the
Executive Board at our financial statements meeting.  The
financial statements of adidas-Salomon AG were thus established.  Finally,  we examined the proposal put forward by the
Executive Board regarding the appropriation of retained earnings and approved this proposal. 
adidas Group Well Positioned for the Future
The year under review was an outstanding year in which important,  forward-looking strategic decisions for the adidas
Group were made.  All financial targets were met or exceeded. 
The Group is well positioned for continuing success,  so we can
again expect adidas to achieve strong results going forward. 
We appreciate the tremendous personal dedication,  the
performance and the ongoing commitment of the Executive
Board,  the Management Boards of the Group companies,  the
Works Council and all adidas Group employees.  We thank all
of them for their contributions. 
For the Supervisory Board 
…
Henri Filho … Chairman of the Supervisory Board
…
March 1,  2006

Corporate Governance 
50

Supervisory Board
Our Supervisory Board comprises six members representing the shareholders and six members representing the
employees as required by the German Co-Determination
Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz). 

Henri Filho 
Dr.  Hans Friderichs 
Fritz Kammerer 
Henri Filho
Chairman
French,  born in 1931
Management Consultant
…
…
… Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  Salomon S. A. Metz-Tessy,  France (until October 19,  2005) 1)
…
… Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  Groupe
…
Vendôme Rome S. A.,  Paris,  France 1)
Dr.  Hans Friderichs
Deputy Chairman
German,  born in 1931
Management Consultant
…
…
… Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  allit AG Kunststofftechnik,  Bad Kreuznach,  Germany
…
…
… Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  Goldman Sachs
Investment Management GmbH,  Frankfurt am MainGermany
…
…
… Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  Leica Camera AGSolms,  Germany
…
…
… Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  Racke-Dujardin
GmbH & Co.  KG,  Bingen,  Germany 1)
…
… Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  Racke Weinkeller
…
GmbH & Cie.  CGaA,  Mainz,  Germany
…
…
… Member of the Supervisory Board,  Schneider Electric S. A. Paris,  France (until May 12,  2005) 1)
Fritz Kammerer 2)
Deputy Chairman
German,  born in 1945
Chairman of the Central Works Council,  adidas-Salomon AG

Sabine Bauer 
Dr.  iur.  Manfred Gentz 
Igor Landau 
Sabine Bauer 2)
German,  born in 1963
Team Leader Quality Service Systems,  Global Operationsadidas-Salomon AG
Dr.  iur.  Manfred Gentz
German,  born in 1942
Former member of the Executive Board of DaimlerChrysler AG
…
…
… Member of the Supervisory Board,  Deutsche Börse AGFrankfurt am Main,  Germany
…
…
… Member of the Supervisory Board,  Hannoversche
Lebensversicherungs AG,  Hanover,  Germany
(until March 31,  2005)
…
…
… Member of the Supervisory Board,  Zürich Beteiligungs-AG
(Deutschland),  Frankfurt am Main,  Germany
(until April 11,  2005)
…
…
… Member of the Supervisory Board,  DWS Investment
GmbH,  Frankfurt am Main,  Germany
…
…
… Chairman of the Administrative Board,  Zurich Financial
Services S. A.,  Zurich,  Switzerland (as of April 19,  2005) 1)
…
… Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  Eurohypo AG…
Eschborn,  Germany (as of May 25,  2005)
Igor Landau
French,  born in 1944
Former Chief Executive Officer of Aventis S. A. 
…
…
… Member of the Supervisory Board,  Dresdner Bank AGFrankfurt am Main,  Germany
…
…
… Member of the Supervisory Board,  Allianz AG,  MunichGermany
…
…
… Member of the Board of Directors,  Sanofi-Aventis S. A. Paris,  France 1)
…
…
… Member of the Board of Directors,  Essilor International
S. A.,  Charenton-le-Pont,  France 1)
…
…
… Member of the Board of Directors,  HSBC France S. A. Paris,  France 1)
…
… Member of the Board of Directors,  Thomson S. A. …
Boulogne-Billancourt,  France (until December 15,  2005) 1)

Supervisory Board 
51
Committees of the Supervisory Board
Standing Committees
Steering Committee
Members: Henri Filho (Chairman)
Dr.  Hans Friderichs
Fritz Kammerer 
Roland Nosko 
Hans Ruprecht 
Willi Schwerdtle 
Roland Nosko 2)
German,  born in 1958
Trade Union Official,  IG BCE Trade Union,  Headquarter
Nuremberg,  Germany
…
…
… Member of the Supervisory Board,  BP Gelsenkirchen GmbHGelsenkirchen,  Germany
…
…
… Member of the Supervisory Board,  CeramTec AGPlochingen,  Germany
2)

Hans Ruprecht
German,  born in 1954
Sales Director Customer Service,  Area Centraladidas-Salomon AG
Willi Schwerdtle
German,  born in 1953
General Manager,  Procter & Gamble Holding GmbHSchwalbach am Taunus,  Germany
…
…
… Member of the Supervisory Board,  Procter & Gamble
Manufacturing GmbH,  Schwalbach am Taunus,  Germany
(until November 21,  2005)

Heidi Thaler-Veh 
Christian Tourres 
Klaus Weiß

Heidi Thaler-Veh 2)
German,  born in 1962
Member of the Central Works Council,  adidas-Salomon AG
Christian Tourres
French,  born in 1938
Former member of the Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG
Klaus Weiß 2)
German,  born in 1958
Trade Union Official,  IG BCE Trade Union,  Headquarter
Hanover,  Germany
…
…
… Member of the Supervisory Board,  Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH Glück Auf Brambauer,  Lünen,  Germany 1)

General Committee
Members: Henri Filho (Chairman)
Dr.  Hans Friderichs
Fritz Kammerer
Klaus Weiß
Audit Committee
Members: Dr.  Hans Friderichs (Chairman)
Henri Filho
Hans Ruprecht
Klaus Weiß
Mediation Committee
Members: Henri Filho
Dr.  Hans Friderichs
Fritz Kammerer
Roland Nosko 
Other Committees
'Reebok Corporate Actions" Committee
Members: Henri Filho (Chairman)
Dr.  Hans Friderichs
Roland Nosko
Hans Ruprecht
1) Not relevant for determining the maximum number of Supervisory Board mandates
pursuant to § 100 para.  2 sentence 1 no.  1 AktG (German Stock Corporation Act)
2) Employee representative 
Corporate Governance 
52

Executive Board
Our Executive Board is comprised of four 1) members who
reflect the diversity and international character of our
Group.  Each is responsible for at least one major business
unit within the Group. 

Herbert Hainer
Herbert Hainer was born in Dingolfing,  Germany,  in 1954. 
Following his business studies,  Herbert Hainer spent eight
years with Procter & Gamble in various sales and marketing
positions.  He joined adidas Germany in 1987 and has held
numerous management positions within the Group,  including
Managing Director Germany and Senior Vice President for
Sales and Logistics in Europe,  Africa and the Middle East. 
Herbert Hainer joined the Executive Board in 1997 and became
CEO and Chairman of the Executive Board of adidas-Salomon
AG in 2001.  He is married,  has two daughters and lives in
Herzogenaurach. 
Herbert Hainer is also:
…
…
… Member of the Supervisory Board,  Bayerische
Versicherungsbank AG,  Munich,  Germany
…
…
… Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory BoardFC Bayern München AG,  Munich,  Germany
…
…
… Member of the Supervisory BoardEngelhorn KGaA,  Mannheim,  Germany 
Glenn Bennett
Glenn Bennett was born in New Hampshire,  USA,  in 1963. 
With a degree in computer science,  he began his professional
career with Reebok International Ltd.  in 1983,  where he
worked for ten years in various operations and product functions.  In 1993,  he joined adidas AG 2) as Head of Worldwide
Development.  He was appointed to the Executive Board in
1997 and is responsible for Global Operations activities.  Glenn
Bennett is married and lives in Portland,  Oregon. 

Executive Board 
Robin J.  Stalker
Robin J.  Stalker was born in Palmerston North,  New Zealandin 1958.  In 1982,  following his degree in business studies,  he
began his professional career and qualified as a Chartered
Accountant.  He worked for Arthur Young in New Zealand and
London and subsequently held financial and controlling positions in the entertainment industry,  including United International Pictures and Warner Bros.  International as well as
working as an independent consultant.  Robin J.  Stalker joined
adidas AG 2) as the Head of Corporate Services and Group
Reporting in 1996.  Since February 2000,  he has been Chief
Financial Officer of adidas-Salomon AG and was appointed to
the Executive Board,  responsible for Finance,  in 2001.  In 2005he assumed additional responsibility as Labor Director.  Robin
J.  Stalker is married and lives near Herzogenaurach. 

53

Erich Stamminger
Erich Stamminger was born in Rosenberg,  Germany,  in 1957. 
After obtaining a degree in business studies,  he started his
career at GfK,  a German consumer research institute.  In 1983Erich Stamminger joined adidas Germany.  He served in
numerous marketing positions before becoming Managing
Director for Germany and then Europe and Asia/Pacific.  Erich
Stamminger was appointed to the Executive Board in 1997
and was responsible for Global Marketing from 2000 to 2005. 
From 2004 to 2005,  he was also responsible for the adidas
business in North America.  Effective January 9,  2006,  he was
named President and CEO of the adidas brand.  Erich
Stamminger is married and lives in Nuremberg. 

Michel Perraudin
Michel Perraudin was born in Sion/Valais,  Switzerland,  in
1947.  With a degree in mathematics and an MBA,  he started
his professional career in 1976 as a management consultant
with McKinsey & Company.  In 1982,  he became a McKinsey
Partner and Principal.  He joined adidas AG 2) as an Executive
Board member in 1989.  Michel Perraudin retired from the
Executive Board on March 31,  2005,  to focus on his new
responsibility as President of the World Federation of the
Sporting Goods Industry (WFSGI).  His responsibility for Global
Human Resources was assumed by CEO Herbert Hainer. 
General Counsel Frank A.  Dassler now oversees Key Projects
and Corporate Services,  reporting to Herbert Hainer. 
1) Michel Perraudin retired from the Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG effective March
31,  2005. 
2) adidas-Salomon AG since December 1997






group 
activities
55


scoring 
with our 
innovation 
56

Group Activities 
In our business,  consumer buying and brand perception are closely linked
to cutting-edge design and market-leading,  high-profile technologies. 
Innovation is a key factor to our success.  For this reason,  we will continue
to introduce at least one major technological innovation every year.  The
following pages highlight some of our most recent innovations.  These
include the first ever modular football boot,  the next intelligent shoe
generation,  a radically new high-performance apparel concept,  our most
advanced irons ever created and our new movable-weight metalwoods. 
True to our belief 'Impossible Is Nothing",  we plan to introduce many more
groundbreaking technological innovations in the years to come. 





Innovation 
… adidas +F50 TUNIT™
…
…
The +F50 TUNIT™ is the first modular football boot ever and is
made up of three interchangeable components: the upperthe chassis and the studs.  Each component comes in a variety
of styles and functions.  Simply by mixing and matching these
components,  players can customize,  adapt and tune their boots
to any weather,  any pitch and their very own personal style. 
Our target is to sell at least 500000 units of +F50 TUNIT™
football boots in 2006. 

57





58

… adidas +Predator ® Absolute
…
…

The new +Predator® Absolute features Exchangeable
PowerPulse™ technology.  Engineered Predator® elements
have been integrated into a Power Zone on top of the forefoot
for even more power behind every shot,  while enhanced
Predator® technology in the Swerve Zone on the side of the
boot continues to give shots and passes both swerve and
control.  An easy swap of its PowerPulse™ sockliner turns the
boot into the lightest Predator® ever.  That versatility along
with an all-new state-of-the-art design makes the Predator®
better than ever before.  In 2006,  we expect to sell more than
one million pairs of the +Predator® Absolute. 

Group Activities 




Innovation 
… adidas +Teamgeist™ Match Ball for 2006 FIFA World Cup™
…
…
The adidas +Teamgeist™ introduces a new 14-panel configuration
reducing the amount of three-panel touch points by 60% and the
total length of the panel lines by over 15%,  forming a smooth and
perfectly round exterior allowing players significant improvements
in accuracy and control.  The thermal bonding technology,  which
adidas pioneered in 2004,  has been further refined to give the
+Teamgeist™ performance qualities found in no other football.  The
+Teamgeist™ will be played in all 64 matches of the 2006 FIFA
World Cup™.  Our goal is to sell more than 10 million +Teamgeist™
balls in 2006. 

59





60

… adidas a3® Gigaride
…
…

The adidas Gigaride incorporates our popular a3® technology
from heel to toe for the first time to provide smooth,  resilient
cushioning.  Regardless of the surface athletes are running oneach a3® cushioning element adapts individually to the groundstabilizing,  guiding and driving the foot forward.  A structured
midsole offers optimal stability.  The Gigaride is the newest
addition to our successful a3® footwear business. 

Group Activities 




Innovation 
… adidas ClimaCool® TPU TechFit
…
…
The new adidas ClimaCool® TPU TechFit apparel concept
combines different technologies.  TechFit's graduated compression fabric provides continuous muscle support,  focusing
energy and helping prevent fatigue,  while strategically placed
TPU power bands boost the power of key muscle groupsstoring energy when muscles are contracted,  and releasing it
when they are expanded.  In addition,  ClimaCool® technology is
utilized to maintain an athlete's optimal body temperature. 
adidas TechFit is the brand's leading-edge apparel concept for
2006 and will be seen and used at all major sporting events and
consequently commercialized in the brand's major sports
categories. 

61





62

… Project Fusion
…
…

The world's first completely integrated training system,  Project
Fusion,  incorporates Polar heart rate,  speed and distance
monitoring equipment into adidas apparel and footwear.  Special
fibers bonded onto adidas tops work in conjunction with Polar's
WearLink™ technology to eliminate the need for a separate
chest strap to monitor heart rate.  In addition,  the adiStar®
Fusion shoe has a strategically placed cavity in the midsole
which houses the light Polar s3 Stride Sensor to measure speed
and distance.  All the data is sent to the Polar RS 800 wristmounted running computer,  which easily displays and records
the information in real time.  The integration simplifies use
and increases comfort for athletes.  Project Fusion will be
brought to market in fall 2006 and highlights the importance
of our strategic partnership with Polar. 

Group Activities 




Innovation 
… adidas1,  Intelligence Level 11
…
…
adidas1,  the World's First Intelligent Shoe,  has just gotten
smarter.  It features a built-in microprocessor for intelligent
cushioning that automatically and continuously adjusts to the
unique needs of individual athletes and changing surface
conditions.  The higher intelligence level 11 makes the shoe
better,  stronger and faster.  It is better because there is an
increased range of cushioning,  meaning the shoe can become
even softer or firmer.  It is stronger because there is a new motor
with 153% more torque.  And it is faster because the shoe has
been reprogrammed to find the right level of cushioning even
more quickly.  In 2006,  we will also release the first intelligent
basketball shoe and we believe that in the medium term
intelligent footwear will dominate the industry. 

63





64

… TaylorMade r7® CGB MAX
…
…

The new r7® CGB MAX features the power of our drivers
engineered into an iron.  The milled,  high-strength stainless
steel face delivers maximum allowable COR and features
TaylorMade's Inverted Cones on the back,  a technology used to
expand the size of the COR zone in TaylorMade drivers.  Inverted
Cone Technology changes the way the clubface behaves at
impact and increases the size of the zone that delivers high
initial ball speed.  That makes the r7® CGB MAX more forgiving
and easier to launch while promoting longer yardage,  shot after
shot.  This state-of-the art golf club should fuel significant
expansion in the irons category,  which TaylorMade has targeted
as its most important growth area in 2006. 

Group Activities 




Innovation 
… TaylorMade r7® 460
…
…
Another new driver joins the r7® family,  the r7® 460.  The 460
will follow the successful r7® 425 which was the number one
model at its PGA Tour debut at the 2006 Mercedes Championships.  The 460's clubhead measures 460 cc,  helping make it
TaylorMade's most forgiving driver ever,  while its extremely
low center-of-gravity makes it easy to launch high,  long and
straight.  The 460 comes equipped with a new TaylorMade shaft
featuring RE*AX technology co-developed by Fujikura.  RE*AX
helps reduce inconsistency while increasing stability,  thus
promoting greater accuracy and distance.  The 460 should
boost golfers' enthusiasm for Movable Weight Technology™reinforcing TaylorMade's position as the world's leading
metalwood manufacturer. 

65


scoring 
with our 
marketing 
66

Group Activities 
adidas launched the 'Impossible Is Nothing" brand campaign in 2004 with
huge success and we will continue to strengthen this message in 2006. 
'Impossible Is Nothing" is integrated in our biggest ever global football
campaign: '+10".  In 2006,  we will also launch Kevin Garnett's 'What's
Inside",  Stella McCartney for Sport Performance and TaylorMade's
'I AM A GOLFER" marketing campaigns.  The next few pages give an
impression of these campaigns that will further inspire and involve our
consumers. 

Marketing 
67





68

…
… adidas +10
…

In the run-up to the 2006 FIFA World Cup™,  '+10" is the kick-off
for adidas' biggest event-driven marketing effort ever.  The
campaign celebrates what the individual can do for the team and
what the team can do for the individual stars.  Only when
individuals work together within,  and for,  the team will they be
able to achieve impossible results.  The campaign combines
striking images of black and white portraits with national colors
and features over 25 players.  The executions will be displayed
in a significant outdoor campaign that includes giant poster sites
throughout the world featuring local players.  These images
are only the first step of a three-phase campaign which will be
expanded on the way towards the 2006 FIFA World Cup™. 

Group Activities 




69

Marketing 




70

… adidas KG 'What's Inside"
…
…

In basketball,  'What's Inside" highlights eight-time All-Star
forward Kevin Garnett and his latest adidas signature shoe,  the
a3® Garnett '06.  The strategy behind this highly-integrated brand
campaign is to celebrate the different characteristics that make
up who Kevin Garnett really is by showing him in five different
roles: the field general,  the action hero,  the child,  the gladiator
and the comedian.  Garnett is not only one of the best players in
the game but also one of the biggest personalities in basketball. 
His ability to show incredible determination and leadership
on the court,  as well as his youthful exuberance and sense of
humor,  is what makes him such an exceptional player and an
outstanding athlete.  The campaign will help us strengthen our
positioning in the important basketball category. 

Group Activities 
Marketing 
71

72

Group Activities 




Marketing 
… adidas by Stella McCartney
…
…
In its first year,  the adidas by Stella McCartney performance collection exclusively for women created a complete new segment
and exceeded our expectations in terms of sales,  margin and
image.  With the new product category tennis,  the collection is
bringing design and style to an important new sports category. 
The same effect is being used in the communication campaign. 
Consistently from advertising through Internet and retail to
PR,  elements of sports and design are unified and create the
concept's positioning: the perfect fusion of performance and
style.  As the brand's leading women's concept globally,  adidas
by Stella McCartney shows our commitment to performance
in the women's business. 

73





74

… TaylorMade 'I AM A GOLFER"
…
…

Authentic golfers include those who love golf,  are passionate
about its history,  faithful to the rules and believe their identity is
rooted in the game.  The essence of I AM A GOLFER was created
to reach golfers through a sense of community.  I AM A GOLFER
sets out to establish TaylorMade as the brand for authentic
golfers,  through a shared passion for the game and true
understanding of what it is to be a golfer first,  above all else. 
The campaign,  which will be TaylorMade-adidas Golf's biggest
and most important brand campaign ever,  helps TaylorMade
to increase brand loyalty and to connect with all golfers on an
emotional level. 

Group Activities 




Marketing 
More than a Ryder Cup hero 
 AM A GOLFER

75









76


Propel.  Recover.  Release.  Ian Thorpe's 

one-of-a-kind stroke technique has led him 
... 
... 

to 22 world records. ...  Innovative... 
... 
... 






group 
management 
report
77

78

Group Business
Performance
2005 was another year of outstanding financial performance.  Currency-neutral sales for the Group's continuing
operations increased 12%.  In euro terms,  revenues grew
13% to € 6636 billion in 2005 from € 5860 billion in 2004. 
The Group's gross margin grew 02 percentage points to
482% in 2005 (2004: 480%) as a result of increased ownretail activities at adidas,  our improving product mix and
hedging activities that enabled us to capitalize on favorable
currency movements.  These developments drove a 21%
increase in the Group's operating profit from continuing
operations to € 707 million in 2005 versus € 584 million in
2004.  The Group's income before taxes was € 655 millionup 25% versus € 526 million in 2004,  helped also by a
decrease in net financial expenses.  The Group's net income
from continuing operations grew 31% to € 434 million in
2005 from € 333 million in 2004,  also helped by a lower
tax rate.  On a comparable basis excluding the effects of
IFRS changes,  the Group's operating profit and IBT from
continuing operations would have increased 14% and
17% respectively in 2005.  Net income from continuing
operations on a comparable basis increased 18% in 2005. 
The income from discontinued operations decreased by
287% to negative € 44 million from negative € 11 million
in the prior year.  The Group's net income attributable to
shareholders from continuing and discontinued operations
increased 22% to € 383 million from € 314 million in 2004representing the Group's highest net income ever.  As a
consequence,  basic earnings per share were € 819 in 2005
versus € 688 in the prior year. 

Group Management Report 
Economic and Sector Development
Global Economy Expands
The global economy continued to expand in 2005,  although at
 slightly lower level than in 2004.  The world's industrialized
countries developed heterogeneously.  The European economy
trended upwards only towards the end of 2005,  whereas the
American economy grew solidly throughout the year.  The
Asian as well as the Latin American economies also enjoyed
strong growth. 
Europe Trending Upwards After Slow Start
The European economy had a sluggish start into 2005.  However,  the economy improved in the second half of the year. 
Helped by the depreciating euro which fueled exports,  a significant increase in corporate profits and favorable financing conditions,  investments grew strongly.  Germany's performance gained momentum in the second half of the yearsupported by exports and stronger investment activity.  The
region's emerging markets were the strongest growth drivers.  The UK suffered from a lack of domestic demand.  The
region as a whole posted GDP growth of approximately 15%
in 2005. 
North American Economy Benefits From Robust
Private Consumption
In the USA,  GDP grew approximately 4% over the year.  In the
first half of the year,  investment activity and private consumption increased strongly.  Hurricane Katrina,  high oil prices and
 less optimistic job market outlook depressed consumer
confidence in the third quarter.  This effect was partially offset
by continuously buoyant housing prices and significant sales
discounts in the automobile sector which supported consumer spending.  Nonetheless,  domestic demand trended downwards towards the end of the year and slowed overall growth. 

Regional GDP Development 1)

10










USA

EU

Germany Japan 
Asia
(excl. 
Japan)

China 
2004
2005
Source: OECD,  Allianz,  Deutsche Bank
1) Real,  percentage change versus prior year; 2005 figures are estimated. 

Latin
America 
Group Business Performance 
China Important Growth Driver in Asia
In Asia (excluding Japan),  growth rates slowed somewhat in
2005 compared to 2004,  albeit on a high level of 8%.  Exports
were the main driver of the expansion.  Growth of investments
slowed slightly,  but was compensated by stronger domestic
demand across most countries.  Japan continued its recoverywhich started in 2003,  and benefited from structural improvements initiated in previous years.  Private consumption started
strong in 2005,  but lost some of its momentum towards the end
of the year.  However,  the expansion of industrial production
compensated for the decline.  As a result,  the Japanese economy grew by around 2%.  China boomed as a result of fast
investment growth as well as surging net exports and showed
growth rates of over 9%. 
Latin American Economy Develops Positively
Latin America grew approximately 4% in 2005.  Many countries significantly reduced their level of foreign indebtedness
and generated trade balance surpluses,  which supported
overall economic development.  The Mexican economy picked
up speed in the second half of the year.  The Brazilian economy benefited from vivid export activity and a gradual decline
of inflation.  In Argentina,  the government continued to be
reluctant to reassume talks with the International Monetary
Fund (IMF) to solve its conflicts with creditors.  This uncertainty left the economic climate volatile and hampered economic growth. 
European Sporting Goods Industry Challenging
The European sporting goods industry had a challenging
year in 2005.  The macroeconomic environment depressed
consumer spending,  especially in the first half of the year. 
In addition,  consolidation continued among sporting goods
retailers,  who increasingly compete with fashion and general clothing retailers.  Especially in the UK,  the retail market became increasingly promotional.  The region's emerging
markets,  however,  developed dynamically as expected.  We
estimate the overall European sporting goods market to have
grown between 2 and 3% in 2005. 

120

100

80
Mar.  05

Jun.  05

Sep.  05

Dec.  05

USA,  Source: Conference Board
Euro Zone,  Soure: European Commission
Japan,  Source: Economic and Social Research Institute,  Government of Japan
1) Index: December 31,  2004  100

Exchange Rate Development 1) € 1 equals
Average
rate
2004
USD
JPY
GBP

Q1
2005

Q2
2005

Q3
2005

Q4
2005

Average
rate
2005

12434
13441
06785

12964
13844
06885

12092
13395
06742

12042
13625
06820

11797
13890
06853

12453
13691
06839

1) Spot rates at quarter-end 
79

US Sporting Goods Industry Highly Competitive
The North American sporting goods industry had a promising
start in 2005 as margins for performance products trended
upwards in higher price segments.  Increased consumer confidence and good weather conditions further supported this
trend.  A mixed back-to-school season and fears of a general
market slowdown triggered increased promotional activities
among retailers later in the year.  This trend intensified again
towards the holiday season,  which was nonetheless solid
overall.  The sporting goods industry recorded overall growth
of nearly 7%. 

Quarterly Consumer Confidence Development by Region 1)

Dec.  04

Economic and Sector Development 
Asian and Latin American Sporting Goods Markets Flourish
The Asian sporting goods market continued to experience
strong consumer demand and positive retail sentiment
throughout the year.  Mature markets such as Japan and
Australia showed growth of below 5%,  while the sporting goods
market in developing nations such as China and India grew
more than 20%,  respectively.  The Japanese market benefited
from strong demand for high-tech footwear products,  whilst
the apparel segment was driven by fashion and innovation
trends.  The region's emerging markets developed positively
from a low base.  In Latin America,  the sporting goods industry enjoyed high-single-digit growth throughout the year. 
adidas Group Develops Better Than Industry and
Overall Economy in All Regions
In 2005,  adidas Group revenues grew faster than both the
economy and the overall sporting goods industry in all regions.  Economic performance and the development of the
sporting goods industry across all regions was in line with
our original expectations except for Europe,  where we were
confronted with an even more challenging macroeconomic
situation than we had originally anticipated.  Neverthelessour net sales growth developed slightly better than the overall
economy and we clearly outperformed our major competitor
in the sporting goods industry.  In all other regions,  our operational strength enabled us to develop significantly better than
the overall economy and the sporting goods industry. 

80
Income Statement
Focus on Continuing Operations
On May 2,  2005,  our Group announced the divestiture of the
Salomon business segment to Amer Sports Corporation as
part of ongoing efforts to better focus on our core activities
and improve the Group's profitability.  The transaction was
completed on October 19,  2005.  As a result,  this segment
was deconsolidated at the beginning of the fourth quarter
and the performance of the segment is reported as discontinued operations (see Notes/note 3).  For the sake of clarityall figures in this document refer to the Group's continuing
activities unless otherwise stated. 
Currency-Neutral Sales Grow 12%
In 2005,  Group sales increased 12% on a currency-neutral
basis,  mainly achieved through volume increases in all regions as prices remained largely unchanged versus the prior
year.  In euro terms,  revenues grew 13% to € 6636 billion in
2005 from € 5860 billion in 2004.  Group sales including discontinued operations increased 7% on a currency-neutral
basis and 8% in euro terms,  reaching € 6996 billion versus
€ 6478 billion in 2004. 

Group Management Report 
Net Sales € in millions
2001

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
6112

2002

6523

2003

6267

2004

1)

2005

1)

5860
6636

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

Net Sales by Quarter 1) € in millions
Q1 2004
Q1 2005
Q2 2004
Q2 2005
Q3 2004
Q3 2005
Q4 2004
Q4 2005

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllll 
1505
1674
1401
1516
1758
1924
1196
1521

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

Net Sales by Region 1)
Latin America 5%

Asia 23%

North America 24%

......... 
............... 
................... 
....................... 
......................... 
........................... 
............................. 
............................... 
................................. 
................................. 
................................... 
................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
................................... 
................................... 
................................. 
................................. 
............................... 
............................. 
........................... 
......................... 
....................... 
................... 
............... 
......... 

Europe 48%

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

Currency-Neutral Sales Increase in All Regions
The Group's sales increase was supported by double-digit
sales growth at all brands and in all regions except Europewhere sales increased at single-digit rates.  On a regional
basis,  Group sales in Europe grew 3% on a currency-neutral
basis,  largely driven by a very positive fourth quarter at
adidas,  related to the strong sales of 2006 FIFA World Cup™
products.  In euro terms,  sales in 2005 also increased 3%
from the previous year's level to € 3166 billion in 2005 (2004:
€ 3068 billion).  In North America,  Group sales increased 17%
on a currency-neutral basis and also in euro terms,  reaching
€ 1561 billion in 2005 from € 1332 billion in 2004,  driven by
double-digit increases at both adidas and TaylorMade-adidas
Golf.  Sales in Asia increased 27% on a currency-neutral basis
in 2005.  In euro terms,  Asia revenues grew 28% to € 1523 billion in 2005 from € 1192 billion in 2004,  driven by adidas
while sales at TaylorMade-adidas Golf were stable.  In Latin
America,  where revenues are generated predominately by
adidas,  Group sales increased 32% on a currency-neutral
basis in 2005.  In euro terms,  sales grew 43% to € 319 million
in 2005 from € 224 million in 2004. 

Group Business Performance 
Net Sales Growth by Brand and Region 1) in %
North
Europe America
adidas
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
Total 2)


6


16
21
17

Latin
Asia America
34

28

Total 
43
43
43

13
12
13

1) Versus the prior year
2) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

Currency-Neutral Net Sales Growth by Brand and Region 1) in %
North
Europe America
adidas
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
Total 2)


7


16
21
17

Latin
Asia America
33

27

Total 
32
39
32

1) Versus the prior year
2) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

12
11
12

Currency-Neutral Footwear Sales Up 12%
Currency-neutral footwear sales grew 12% in 2005.  This
increase was driven by most adidas Sport Performance
categories,  particularly tennis,  running and football,  as well
as by strong growth in adidas Sport Heritage.  In euro termsrevenues increased 14% to € 2978 billion in 2005 from
€ 2620 billion in the prior year.  Footwear comprised 45% of
total Group net sales in 2005 (2004: 45%),  reaffirming its position as the Group's most important product category. 
Apparel Sales Improve 13% Currency-Neutral
In 2005,  apparel sales grew 13% on a currency-neutral basis. 
Positive currency-neutral development in virtually all major
adidas Sport Performance apparel categories,  particularly in
training,  tennis and running,  as well as significant increases
at adidas Sport Heritage and in adidas Golf apparel all contributed to this increase.  In euros,  apparel sales increased
14% to € 2798 billion from € 2462 billion in 2004.  This represents 42% (2004: 42%) of total Group revenues. 
Currency-Neutral Hardware Sales Grow 10%
Hardware sales increased 10% on a currency-neutral basisdriven by growth in all major TaylorMade hardware categories
as well as in adidas bags and balls.  In euros,  hardware sales
grew 11% to € 860 million in 2005 from € 778 million in 2004comprising 13% (2004: 14%) of the Group's sales in 2005. 
Licensee Revenues Increase 9%
In 2005,  net licensee sales with our brands increased by 9%
to € 586 million from € 538 million in 2004.  This increase is a
result of both an increased number of units sold and higher
average price points.  Licensee sales are not included in the
Group's total sales figure.  Royalties calculated on the basis of
these licensee revenues,  however,  are reported under royalty
and commission income in our income statement. 

81

Income Statement 
Net Sales by Product Category 1)
Hardware 13%

Apparel 42%

Footwear 45%

......... 
............... 
................... 
....................... 
......................... 
........................... 
............................. 
............................... 
................................. 
................................. 
................................... 
................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
................................... 
................................... 
................................. 
................................. 
............................... 
............................. 
........................... 
......................... 
....................... 
................... 
............... 
......... 

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

Net Sales by Category € in millions
Footwear
2001
2002
2003
2004 1)
2005 1)

Apparel 
Hardware 
Total 
2650
2851
2767
2620
2978

2212
2288
2222
2462
2798

1250
1385
1278
778
860

6112
6523
6267
5860
6636

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

82

Group Management Report 
Gross Margin in %
2001
2002
2003
2004

1)

2005

1)

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
426
432
449
480
482

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

Gross Profit € in millions
2001
2002
2003
2004 1)
2005 1)

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
2601
2819
2814
2813
3197

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

Cost of Sales Grows in Line with Sales
Our Group defines cost of sales as the amount we pay to
third parties for expenses associated with producing and
delivering our products.  Similar own-production expenses at
adidas and assembling expenses at TaylorMade-adidas Golfalthough only a very small proportion,  are also included in the
Group's cost of sales.  In 2005,  cost of sales was € 3439 billion,  representing an increase of 13% from the € 3047 billion
level of 2004,  in line with the growth of our business in 2005. 
Increasing labor and raw material costs were compensated by
gains in production and material efficiencies within our supply chain as well as hedging activities that enabled us to benefit from favorable currency effects on purchase prices.  For a
detailed description of our hedging policy,  see Risk Report. 

Record Level Gross Profit and Margin
The Group's gross margin grew 02 percentage points to
482% in 2005 from 480% in 2004,  representing the fourth consecutive year of improvement and reflecting the highest gross
margin in the Group's history.  This positive development was
driven by brand adidas.  As a result of strong sales growth
and the gross margin increase within the Group,  gross profit
increased 14% to € 3197 billion in 2005 from € 2813 billion
in the prior year. 
Europe Leads Regional Gross Margin Expansion
On a regional basis,  gross margin improvement was driven by
Europe,  reflecting strong gains at adidas despite a tough pricing environment in the region.  The gross margin in Europe
grew 22 percentage points to 485% in 2005 from 463% in
2004 as a result of increased adidas own-retail activitiesan improving product mix as well as hedging activities that
enabled us to benefit from favorable currency movements. 
The gross margin in North America increased 04 percentage
points to 354% in 2005 from 350% in 2004.  This improvement was mainly the result of a better product mix as well
as increasing own-retail activities.  In Asia,  gross margin decreased slightly by 04 percentage points to 493% from 497%
in 2004,  reflecting a decrease at TaylorMade-adidas Golf due
to higher clearance sales in Korea,  which more than offset
positive effects from an improving product mix as well as the
continued expansion of our adidas own-retail activities.  In
Latin America,  the gross margin increased 16 percentage
points to 406% in 2005 (2004: 390%) as a result of an improving product mix as well as favorable currency movements. 

Group Business Performance 
Operating Expenses € in millions
2001
2002
2003
2004

1)

2005

1)

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
2126
2343
2324
2236

Operating Expenses 1) € in millions
2004

942

Marketing working budget 
833
Marketing overhead 
207

Sales 
534

Stable Operating Expenses as a Percentage of Sales
Operating expenses,  including selling,  general and administrative expenses (SG&A) and depreciation and amortization
(excluding goodwill),  increased by 13% to € 2537 billion in
2005 from € 2236 billion in 2004.  As a percentage of salesthis equates to 382% (2004: 382%).  This reflects a stable
development of operating overhead costs and marketing
expenditures,  both as a percentage of sales,  in 2005.  The
structure of the Group's operating expenses remained relatively unchanged in 2005.  Marketing working budget,  which
consists of advertising and promotional expenses,  represented the largest portion of these expenses.  Additionallycosts related to sales,  central finance and administration as
well as marketing overhead costs were major components of
the Group's operating expenses. 

183
454
347

Logistics 
59

439

Central finance & administration
Other result
Total 
325

63

Research & development 
381



2537

2236

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

Marketing Working Budget Stable as a Percentage of Sales
In 2005,  marketing working budget as a percentage of sales
was stable at 142% compared to the prior year's level,  with
 reduction of the marketing working budget at TaylorMadeadidas Golf compensating a slight increase at brand adidas. 
This increase was driven by marketing initiatives in the fourth
quarter related to product launches for the 2006 FIFA World
Cup™.  These investments were taken to further strengthen
the strategic position of the Group's core brand.  In absolute
terms,  the Group's marketing working budget increased 13%
to € 942 million in 2005 versus € 833 million in 2004. 

83

Marketing Working Budget in % of net sales
2001
2002
2003
2004

1)

2005

2537

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

2005

Royalty and Commission Income Up 11% Currency-Neutral
Royalty and commission income,  which according to the
revised International Financial Reporting Standard IAS 1 is
now included in the operating profit (see Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement/note 24),  increased 11% on a
currency-neutral basis.  This increase was driven by both an
increased number of units sold and higher average royalty
rates.  In euro terms,  royalty and commission income grew
11% to € 47 million in 2005 from € 42 million in 2004. 

Income Statement 
1)

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

120
126
129
142
142

84
Own Retail and adidas Asia Drive Employee Growth
At December 31,  2005,  the Group's continuing operations
employed 15935 people.  This represents an increase of 12%
versus the previous year's level of 14219.  New employees
were primarily added in adidas own-retail activities as well
as at adidas in Asia.  At the end of 2005,  47% of our total
employees were women and 53% were men.  Of the management positions within the Group,  26% were held by women
and 74% were held by men.  Due to its highly diversified activities,  the adidas Group spans a wide range of functions,  which
require different qualification profiles.  The adidas Group
continues to place emphasis on maintaining the high level
of training and qualification within the company by offering a
broad variety of internal and external personnel development
programs.  Extensive reporting regarding our employees is
included in our Social and Environmental Report 2005.  Personnel expenses (including production) increased 11% to
€ 706 million in 2005 from € 637 million in 2004 (see Notes to
the Consolidated Income Statement/note 25). 
Changes in Working Conditions
In 2005,  adidas personnel in Germany accepted an increase
in their regular weekly working hours from 39 to 40 hours
without wage compensation.  In the distribution center and
the flocking department in Uffenheim as well as the logistics and production center in Scheinfeld,  working hours were
raised from 39 to 41 hours per week.  As a result,  we have
made modest efficiency gains in particular in our logistics
activities. 

Group Management Report 
Number of Employees 1)

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
13941

2001
2002

14716

2003

15686

2004

2)

2005

2)

14219
15935

1) At year-end
2) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

Employees by Function 1) in %
2005

2004

Own retail 
32

Sales 
16

Logistics 
18

Marketing 
12

Central functions & administration
Production
Research & development
IT

11

4


28

17
19

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

13
12

4


No Goodwill Amortization Incurred in 2005
According to the revised International Financial Reporting
Standards,  scheduled goodwill amortization is no longer
allowed (see Notes/note 2).  From 2005 onwards,  goodwill is
tested annually and additionally when there are indications of
potential impairment.  The 2004 results are not allowed to be
restated.  Accordingly,  past years' scheduled goodwill amortization as well as any future goodwill impairment is included
in the operating profit.  In 2005,  no goodwill impairment was
incurred.  This compares to scheduled goodwill amortization
from continuing operations of € 36 million in 2004. 

Group Business Performance 
Operating Profit € in millions
2001
2002
2003

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
Operating Margin in %
475

2001

477

2002

490

2003

2004

1) 2)

584

2004

1) 2)

2005

1)

707

2005

1)

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) The 2004 figure has been adjusted to reflect the changes in IFRS. 

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) The 2004 figure has been adjusted to reflect the changes in IFRS. 

Operating Profit by Quarter 1) 2) € in millions
Q1 2004
Q1 2005
Q2 2004
Q2 2005
Q3 2004
Q3 2005
Q4 2004
Q4 2005

llllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllll
lll 
1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) 2004 quarterly figures have been adjusted to reflect the changes in IFRS. 

llllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
161
205
122
152
281
315
20
35

78
73
78
100
107

Income Statement 
85

Operating Margin and Profit Reach All-Time Highs
The operating margin grew 07 percentage points to 107%
in 2005 versus 100% in the prior year.  This result was the
Group's highest operating margin ever and was driven by
brand adidas.  Operating profit increased 21% to € 707 million
in 2005 from € 584 million in 2004.  This improvement was
driven by higher sales and gross margins.  On a comparable
basis excluding the effects from IFRS changes (see Notes/
note 2),  operating profit and margin would have increased
14% or 01 percentage points respectively in 2005. 
Europe and Asia Main Contributors to Group
Operating Profit Growth
In 2005,  the Group's positive operating profit development was
driven by improvement in all regions.  In Europe,  operating
profit grew 25% to € 365 million in 2005 from € 291 million in
2004.  This was mainly generated by gross margin improvement
at brand adidas.  In North America,  operating profit increased
by 612% to € 13 million in 2005 from € 2 million in 2004driven by higher sales,  improving gross margin and operating expense leverage.  In Asia,  operating profit grew 25% to
€ 162 million in 2005 from € 130 million in 2004,  largely due
to strong sales in the region.  In Latin America,  operating profit
grew 54% to € 41 million in 2005 from € 27 million in 2004 as
 result of strong sales and gross margin increases as well as
operating expense leverage. 

86
Net Financial Expenses Decrease 11%
Net financial expenses decreased 11% to € 52 million in 2005
from € 59 million in the prior year.  This mainly reflects a
strong increase of financial income which more than offset
the increase of the Group's financial expenses (see Notes to
the Consolidated Income Statement/note 26). 

Group Management Report 
Net Financial Expenses € in millions
2001
2002
2003

Financial Income Up Strongly by 131%
Financial income increased strongly by 131% to € 42 million
in 2005 from € 18 million in the prior year.  This mainly reflects
 strong increase of the Group's cash position in the course
of 2005 as a result of the adidas-Salomon AG capital increasethe proceeds related to the divestiture of the Salomon business segment,  both in the fourth quarter of 2005,  as well as
the cash generation from the Group's operating activities. 
Financial Expenses Increase 22%
Financial expenses increased 22% to € 94 million in 2005
(2004: € 76 million),  mainly as a result of one-time effects
including the cost for options related to the hedging of the
Reebok purchase price (payable in US dollars),  a loss from
other financial assets as well as the new interpretation of IFRS
relating to minorities with put options.  Unrealized losses from
short-term financial assets also had a negative impact on this
development.  Positive effects from a slightly lower average
level of gross borrowings in 2005 were more than offset by an
increase of the weighted average interest rate.  The latter was
partly a result of the fact that the Group's convertible bondwhich in accordance with IFRS requirements carries a higher
interest rate in the income statement than actually paid,  now
comprises a higher portion of the Group's gross borrowings
than it did in the prior year. 
Income Before Taxes Up 25%
As a result of operating improvements mentioned above and
lower net financial expenses,  the Group's income before taxes
increased 25% to € 655 million in 2005 from € 526 million in
2004.  As a percentage of sales,  IBT improved 09 percentage
points to 99% in 2005 from 90% in 2004.  On a comparable
basis excluding the effects from IFRS changes,  IBT and IBT as
 percentage of sales would have increased 17% and 03 percentage points respectively. 

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllll 
Income Before Taxes € in millions
102

2001

87

2002

49

2003

2004

1) 2)

59

2004

1)2)

2005

1)

52

2005

1)

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) The 2004 figure has been adjusted to reflect the application of IAS 32. 

llllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
376
390
438
526
655

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) The 2004 figure has been adjusted to reflect the application of IAS 32. 

Income Before Taxes by Quarter 1) € in millions
Q1 2004 2)
Q1 2005
Q2 2004 2)
Q2 2005
Q3 2004 2)
Q3 2005
Q4 2004 2)
Q4 2005

llllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
ll
 
1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) 2004 quarterly figures have been adjusted to reflect the application of IAS 32. 

149
194
103
142
265
309
10
11

Group Business Performance 
Net Income From Continuing Operations Grows 31%
The Group's net income from continuing operations increased
31% to € 434 million in 2005 from € 333 million in 2004.  Strong
sales increases,  coupled with improving gross and operating
margins,  were the main drivers of this improvement.  The tax
rate declined 30 percentage points to 337% in 2005 (2004:
367%) mainly due to the discontinuation of goodwill amortization,  which was not tax deductible.  On a comparable basis
excluding the impacts of IFRS changes,  net income from the
Group's continuing operations would have increased 18%
in 2005. 
Loss From Discontinued Operations Increases
In 2005,  income from discontinued operations related to the
Salomon business segment,  which was divested in October
2005 (see Notes/note 3),  net of tax,  decreased by 287% to
negative € 44 million from negative € 11 million in the prior
year.  This development reflects the decline in Salomon's
operating activities as a result of sales decreases in virtually
all major winter sports categories,  inline skates and cycling
components as well as both lower gross and operating margins. 
Unlike the 2004 figure,  the loss from discontinued operations
recorded in 2005 does not include the positive fourth quarter
results of the Salomon business segment,  which due to the
heavy dependence on winter sports categories constitutes
the biggest portion of Salomon's profit.  Accordingly,  this also
contributed to the strong decline in income from discontinued
operations.  In addition,  costs related to the divestiture of the
Salomon business segment had a negative impact on this development (see Notes/note 3). 

Net Income Attributable to Shareholders Up 22%
The Group's net income attributable to shareholders,  which
in addition to net income from continuing operations includes
net income from discontinued operations,  increased 22%
to € 383 million in 2005 from € 314 million in 2004.  This improvement reflects the strong performance of the Group's
continuing operations despite significantly lower income
from discontinued operations.  The Group's minority interests
increased 11% to € 8 million in 2005 from € 7 million in the
prior year.  This increase reflects higher minority interestsmainly in South Korea,  as a result of the strong development
of brand adidas sales in the region,  which more than compensated the first-time exclusion of adidas Turkey,  Taylor Made
Japan and adidas Malaysia whose remaining shares were
acquired in 2004 and which are now fully included in adidas
results.  The divestiture of the remaining shares of erima
in 2004 also impacted this development (see Notes to the
Consolidated Balance Sheet /note 20).  The new interpretation of IAS 32 relating to minorities with put options reduced
minority interests in both 2005 and 2004 (see Notes to the
Consolidated Balance Sheet /note 20).  On a comparable basis excluding the effects from IFRS changes,  net income
attributable to shareholders from continuing and discontinued operations would have increased 6% in 2005. 

Income Statement 
87

Net Income Attributable to Shareholders € in millions
2001
2002
2003
2004

1)

2005

1)

llllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
208
229
260
314
383

1) Includes continuing and discontinued operations 
Net Income by Quarter 1) € in millions
Q1 2004 2)
Q1 2005
Q2 2004 2)
Q2 2005
Q3 2004 2)
Q3 2005
Q4 2004 2)
Q4 2005

lllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lll
 
1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 
2) 2004 quarterly figures have been adjusted to reflect the application of IAS 32. 

91
130
70
94
162
207
10


88
Basic Earnings Per Share From Continuing and
Discontinued Operations at € 819
The Group's basic earnings per share from continuing and
discontinued operations increased 19% to € 819 in 2005 versus € 688 in 2004.  The Group's total number of shares outstanding increased by 4902755 shares in 2005 to 50761755
as a result of 4531250 new shares issued with the capital
increase on November 3,  2005 as well as 371505 shares from
stock options exercised as part of Tranches II,  III and IV of the
Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) of adidas-Salomon
AG (see Notes Additional Information/note 32).  Consequently,  the average number of shares used in the calculation
of basic earnings per share from continuing and discontinued
operations was 46736958 (2004 average: 45649560).  Diluted
earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations in 2005 increased 18% to € 773 in 2005 from € 654 in
2004.  The dilutive effect mainly results from approximately
four million additional potential shares that could be created
in relation to our outstanding convertible bond,  for which conversion criteria were met for the first time at the end of the
fourth quarter of 2004 (see Notes to the Consolidated Income
Statement/note 28).  On a comparable basis,  excluding the
positive impact from the discontinuation of scheduled goodwill amortization,  both basic and diluted earnings per share
from continuing and discontinued operations would have increased by 4% in 2005. 
Subsequent Macroeconomic Developments
Since the end of 2005,  there have been no major macroeconomic or sociopolitical changes which we expect to influence
our business materially going forward. 

Group Management Report 
Subsequent Group Events
With regard to Group-specific matters,  the acquisition of
Reebok International Ltd.,  announced on August 3,  2005,  was
completed on January 31,  2006,  following customary closing
conditions and regulatory approvals and the approval by
Reebok shareholders.  The business of Reebok International
Ltd.  will be consolidated as a separate brand segment within
the Group as of February 1,  2006. 
Subsequent Changes in the Group's Legal Structure
In August 2005,  Ruby Merger Corporation was founded as
 wholly-owned subsidiary of adidas-Salomon AG for the
purpose of creating an adidas entity to be merged into Reebok International Ltd.  upon completion of the Reebok acquisition.  On January 23,  2006,  Ruby Merger Corporation was
transferred to the Group's North American holding company
adidas North America Inc.  and shortly thereafter,  on January
31,  2006,  this merger was finalized with immediate effect.  We
expect additional legal restructuring in several countries as
 result of the integration of Reebok's business activities into
our Group starting in 2006. 

Subsequent Management Changes
Following the acquisition of Reebok International Ltd.,  the
Group is changing its former brand and regional matrix
organization towards a brand-driven structure with the
adidas,  Reebok and TaylorMade-adidas Golf segments.  Consequently,  on January 9,  2006,  adidas appointed Executive
Board member Erich Stamminger as President and CEO of the
adidas brand.  In addition,  Reebok International Ltd.  named
Paul Harrington as President and CEO of the Reebok brand. 
Mark King remains President and CEO of TaylorMade-adidas
Golf.  Each brand President will be in charge of that brand's
worldwide business and all of the brand's global functions.  All
three Presidents will report directly to the adidas-Salomon
AG CEO Herbert Hainer. 
Subsequent Financing Developments
In January 2006,  the Group closed a $ 1 billion US private
placement transaction which improves the Group's financial
flexibility and further extends its overall maturity profile.  A
group of 34 institutional investors participated in four tranches
with maturities of three,  five,  seven and ten years.  The adidas
Group capitalized on favorable conditions in the private placement market to achieve coupons of 520%,  525%,  534% and
544% across the respective maturities.  The proceeds of
the transaction were used to help finance the acquisition of
Reebok International Ltd. 
Subsequent Share Count Changes
As a result of stock options exercised as part of various
tranches of the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) of
adidas-Salomon AG,  the number of outstanding shares increased by 55300 to 50817055 registered shares in January
2006. 

Group Business Performance 
Balance Sheet and Cash Flow
Salomon Divestiture Impacts Balance Sheet Items
In the 2005 balance sheet,  the assets and liabilities for the
Salomon business segment,  which was deconsolidated at the
beginning of the fourth quarter,  are no longer included.  At
the end of 2004,  assets in the amount of € 654 million and
liabilities in the amount of € 169 million were dedicated to the
Salomon business segment.  However,  a restatement of the
2004 balance sheet items is not allowed under IFRS. 
Total Assets Increase 30%
In 2005,  total assets increased 30% to € 5750 billion versus
€ 4434 billion in the prior year,  mainly as a result of a strong
increase in cash largely related to provisional purchase price
payments for the Salomon divestiture of € 460 million as well
as an amount of € 639 million related to the approximately
10% capital increase of adidas-Salomon AG. 

Total Assets € in millions
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005

1)

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
4183
4261
4188
4434

Inventories € in millions 
2002
2003
2004
2005

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
1273
1190
1164
1155
1230

Receivables € in millions
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
89

Inventories Up 7%
Group inventories increased 7% to € 1230 billion in 2005
versus € 1155 billion in 2004.  On a currency-neutral basisinventories decreased 2%,  mainly as a result of the Salomon
divestiture.  Inventories from continuing operations increased
22% (13% currency-neutral),  primarily due to anticipated
deliveries of World Cup products as well as increased inventory levels in North America to support future sales growth
expectations in this region. 

5750

1) Restated due to application of amendment to IAS 19. 

2001

Income Statement
Balance Sheet and Cash Flow 
1253
1293
1075
1046
965

Receivables Decrease by 8%
Group receivables were reduced by 8% (–15% currencyneutral) to € 965 million at the end of 2005 versus € 1046 billion in the prior year,  mainly due to the divestiture of the
Salomon business segment.  Receivables from continuing
operations increased 24% (14% currency-neutral),  which is
lower than sales growth during the last quarter of 2005. 

90

Group Management Report 
Balance Sheet Structure 1) in % of total assets
Assets 
2005

2004 2)

265

Cash and cash equivalents 
44
168

Accounts receivable 
236

261

214

Inventories 
Fixed assets 
185

255

Other assets 
168

204

Total assets (€ in millions)

5750

1) For absolute figures see Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
2) Restated due to application of IAS 32 and amendment to IAS 19. 

4434

Other Current Assets Up 55%
Other current assets increased 55% to € 586 million at the
end of 2005 from € 378 million in 2004,  mainly due to the
remaining payment of € 65 million related to the Salomon
divestiture.  In addition,  increased prepayments as well as a
higher fair value of derivative financial instruments had an
impact on this development,  more than compensating the
effect of the divestiture of the Salomon business segment. 
As a result,  other current assets from continuing operations
increased by 63%. 
Fixed Assets Reduced by 6%
Fixed assets were reduced by 6% to € 1066 billion at the end
of 2005 versus € 1130 billion at the end of 2004,  mainly as a
result of € 193 million related to the Salomon business segment which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2005.  Additions of
€ 253 million in 2005 were partly counterbalanced by depreciation and amortization of € 143 million and other disposals
in an amount of € 12 million.  Currency effects increased fixed
assets by € 32 million. 
Other Non-Current Assets Increase 19%
Other non-current assets increased by 19% to € 122 million
at the end of 2005 from € 103 million in 2004,  mainly due to
 higher non-current portion of security deposits related to
adidas own-retail activities as well as prepaid promotion contracts.  Other non-current assets from continuing operations
increased 20%. 
Other Non-Current Liabilities Decrease 28%
Other non-current liabilities decreased 28% to € 22 million
at the end of 2005 from € 31 million in 2004,  primarily due to
the divestiture of the Salomon business segment as well as a
reduced non-current portion of negative fair values of financial instruments used for hedging activities within the Group. 
Other non-current liabilities from continuing operations were
reduced by 16%. 

Balance Sheet Structure 1) in % of total liabilities and equity
Liabilities and equity 
2005

2004 2)

Short-term borrowings 


Accounts payable 
119

Long-term borrowings 
180

Other liabilities 
229

42
133
211
261

Total equity 
472
353

Total liabilities and equity (€ in millions) 5750
1) For absolute figures see Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
2) Restated due to application of IAS 32/IAS 39 and amendment to IAS 19. 

4434

Group Business Performance 
Equity Ratio 1) in %
2001
2002
2003

2)

2004

2)

2005

llllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
243
254
307
348
467

1) Excluding minority interests
2) Restated due to application of IAS 32/IAS 39 and amendment to IAS 19. 

Financial Leverage in %
2001
2002
2003 1)
2004 1)
2005

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllll
llllll 
1) Restated due to application of IAS 32/IAS 39 and amendment to IAS 19. 

1655
1385
792
431

(205)

Equity Base Significantly Strengthened
The Group's equity base was further strengthened in 2005. 
Shareholders' equity rose 74% to € 2684 billion at the end of
2005 versus € 1544 billion in 2004.  This takes into consideration the adjustment of the prior year figure due to revised IAS
standards (sse Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet/note
15).  The majority of the net income was retained within the
Group and used to strengthen the equity base.  In addition,  the
approximately 10% increase of the adidas-Salomon AG share
capital had a strong positive impact on shareholders' equity. 
Expenses Related to Off-Balance Sheet Items
The most important off-balance sheet assets are operating
leases,  which are related to offices,  retail stores,  warehouses
and equipment.  Rent expenses increased 34% to € 171 million in 2005 from € 128 million in the prior year (see Notes to
the Consolidated Balance Sheet/note 22). 
Strong Cash Flow Development
In 2005,  the Group generated € 380 million of cash inflow
through continuing operating activities.  Cash inflow from
investing activities was € 440 million,  mainly due to the disposal of discontinued operations,  which generated net cash
from the provisional purchase price payment of € 460 million. 
Cash outflows for investments in intangible assets amounted
to € 21 million net.  Investments in the purchase of propertyplant and equipment amounted to € 188 million and were
related to adidas own-retail activities,  the Group's IT development as well as other projects such as shop-in-shop concepts and the Adi Dassler Brand Center at the adidas Group
Headquarters in Herzogenaurach,  Germany.  Cash inflow
from financing activities was € 514 million,  mainly as a result
of the issuance of new shares for an amount of € 639 million. 

91

Balance Sheet and Cash Flow 
Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 1) € in millions
514

23

1525

440

352

196

Cash and
cash
equivalents
at the end
of 2004

Net cash
provided by
operating
activities 
Net cash
provided by
investing
activities 
Net cash
Effect of Cash and
provided by exchange
cash
financing rates on equivalents
activities
cash
at the end
of 2005

1) Including continued and discontinued operations 
Capital Expenditure by Investment Area
Retail support 9%
IT 13%

adidas HQ 18%

......... 
............... 
................... 
....................... 
......................... 
........................... 
............................. 
............................... 
................................. 
................................. 
................................... 
................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
................................... 
................................... 
................................. 
................................. 
............................... 
............................. 
........................... 
......................... 
....................... 
................... 
............... 
......... 

Own retail 34%

Other projects 26%

92
Treasury
Centralized Treasury Function Optimizes Allocation of
Financial Resources
In accordance with our Group financing policy,  more than 90%
of the worldwide credit lines are managed by our central treasury function.  Parts of the lines are passed on to subsidiaries
and backed up by parental guarantees.  As a result of this
centralized liquidity management,  the Group is well positioned to allocate resources effectively within the organization.  The Group's outstanding financings are unsecured.  We
maintain good relationships with various core banks,  thereby
avoiding strong dependencies on a single institution.  Banking partners of the Group's treasury department as well as of
foreign Group subsidiaries are required to have a long-term
investment grade rating by Standard & Poor's or an equivalent rating by another leading rating agency (see Notes to the
Consolidated Balance Sheet/note 23).  The Group's treasury
committee,  consisting of members of the Executive Board
and other senior executives,  is required to approve all major
changes to our treasury policy. 
Net Cash Position Positive for First Time Since IPO in 1995
At December 31,  2005,  the Group had a net cash position of € 551 million,  reflecting an improvement of 183% or
€ 1216 billion versus net borrowings of € 665 million at the
end of the prior year.  The prior-year figure has been adjusted
due to revised IAS standards (see Notes to the Consolidated
Balance Sheet/note 15).  This marks the first positive net cash
position for our Group since the IPO in 1995,  helped by cash
inflow from operating activities as well as the proceeds from
the Salomon divestiture and the approximately 10% increase
of the adidas-Salomon AG share capital.  The Group's net
borrowings reduction represents the fifth consecutive year
of significant improvements and clearly exceeded Management's target that was announced at the beginning of 2005. 
As a result of the Group's strong net cash position,  the available credit facilities for the Group were not utilized at the end
of 2005,  while in 2004,  on the basis of net borrowings,  the
utilization of available credit facilities was 21%. 

Group Management Report 
Net Cash (Net Borrowings) € in millions
2001

(1679)

2002

(1498)

2003

1)

2004

1)

2005

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
(1018)
(665)
551

1) Restated due to application of amendment to IAS 39

Net Cash (Net Borrowings) by Quarter 1) € in millions
Q1 2004 2)
Q1 2005
Q2 2004 2)
Q2 2005
Q3 2004 2)
Q3 2005
Q4 2004 2)
Q4 2005

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
(1116)
(700)

(1039)
(613)
(984)
(657)
(665)
551

1) At end of period
2) Restated due to application of amendment to IAS 39

Interest Rate Development 1) in %
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
1) Weighted average interest rate of gross borrowings 
45
32
27
34
40

Financing Structure of Gross Borrowings Continues
to Improve
In 2005,  we continued to diversify the Group's financing structure.  Bank borrowings decreased 41% to € 102 million from
€ 172 million in the prior year and the total amount of our
private placements decreased 4% to € 567 million in 2005
(2004: € 592 million).  The amount related to the convertible
bond increased 3% to € 366 million in 2005 from € 356 million in the prior year,  reflecting the accrued interest on the
debt component in accordance with IFRS requirements.  As
 result,  the total amount of gross borrowings decreased to
€ 1035 billion at the end of 2005 from € 1120 billion in the
prior year.  This takes into consideration the adjustment of the
prior year figure due to revised IAS standards (see Notes to the
Consolidated Balance Sheet/note 15).  In addition,  € 1525 billion were temporarily invested as bank deposits.  The Group's
short-term financial assets decreased by 76% or € 198 million to € 61 million versus € 259 million in 2004 (see Notes to
the Consolidated Balance Sheet/note 6). 

Group Business Performance 
Interest Rate Development Reflects Gross Borrowings
Financing Structure
The weighted average interest rate on the Group's gross
borrowings rose 06 percentage points to 40% in 2005 from
34% in 2004 due to a further increased portion of fixed interest rate debt.  This reflects the rising share of longer-term
fixed-rate financing arrangements with currently higher
interest rates in the total financing structure as a result of the
continuing decline of the Group's debt.  In addition,  interest
rates for the Group's variable financing increased due to higher
money market interest rates in 2005.  However,  the Group will
be able to benefit from the current low interest rate levels
for an extended period of time and is well prepared to benefit
from longer-term fixed-rate financing in the case of rising
interest rates.  In accordance with IFRS requirements,  the calculation of the average interest rate also includes a higher
interest rate than actually paid for the convertible bond. 
Treasury Strategy Adjusted to Reflect Increased
Capital Needs
The acquisition of Reebok International Ltd.  strongly increases
the Group's financing requirements.  As a result,  we strongly
increased the amounts of certain financial instruments such
as our medium-term syndicated loan in October 2005 and our
German Commercial Paper Program in December 2005,  and
we also extended existing bilateral credit lines.  In additionwe issued a US private placement in January 2006,  leading to
 high level of diversification of the Group's financing structure (see Subsequent Events and Notes to the Consolidated
Balance Sheet/note 15). 

Total Credit Facilities 1) € in millions 
93

Treasury 
Currency Split of Gross Borrowings 1) € in millions
2005

2005

2004

2004

2194

Short-term lines 
756
EUR

USD

168

2146

2013

Medium-term committed lines 
785

266
Private placements 
567


592

Convertible bond 
366

356

Total 
5140

3094

JPY
All others
Total 

98

34
48
1035

1) Restated due to application of amendment to IAS 39

1) Restated due to application of amendment to IAS 39

Remaining Time to Maturity of Available Facilities 1) € in millions 
1120

Financing Structure 1) € in millions 
2005

2005

2004
Total cash and short-term financial assets
Bank borrowings
Commercial paper
Asset-backed securities
Private placements
Convertible bond
Gross total borrowings
Net cash position 
2227

< 1 year 
308

 to 3 years 
2160
1) Restated due to application of amendment to IAS 39

2427

 to 5 years 
> 5 years
Total 
145
595
194

178
5140

1) Restated due to application of amendment to IAS 39

3094

2004

1586
102

0
567
366
1035
551

455
172

0
592
356
1120
(665)

94

adidas Business
Performance
In 2005,  currency-neutral sales in the adidas segment
increased 12% with double-digit revenue growth coming
from all regions except Europe,  where sales increased 
Group Management Report 
adidas at a Glance € in millions
2005

Change 
5861
453%
693

Net sales
Gross margin
Operating profit 1)

2004
5174
441%
564

13%
11pp
23%

1) The 2004 figure has been adjusted to reflect the changes in IFRS. 

at a single-digit rate.  In euro terms,  sales grew 13% to
€ 5861 billion in 2005 from € 5174 billion in 2004.  Gross 
adidas Net Sales by Quarter € in millions 
margin as a percentage of sales increased by 11 percentage points to 453% in 2005 (2004: 441%),  mainly driven by
increased own-retail activities,  product mix improvements
as well as favorable currency movements.  As a resultoperating profit grew 23% to € 693 million in 2005 versus
€ 564 million in the prior year.  The adoption of new and
revised International Financial Reporting Standards had
 positive impact on the reported operational performance
in 2005.  On a comparable basis,  adidas operating profit
increased 20%. 

Q1 2004
Q1 2005
Q2 2004
Q2 2005
Q3 2004
Q3 2005
Q4 2004
Q4 2005

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllll 
1378
1512
1207
1304
1570
1729
1020
1316

adidas Net Sales by Division
Sport Style <1%
Sport Heritage 22%

Sport Performance 78%

......... 
............... 
................... 
....................... 
......................... 
........................... 
............................. 
............................... 
................................. 
................................. 
................................... 
................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
................................... 
................................... 
................................. 
................................. 
............................... 
............................. 
........................... 
......................... 
....................... 
................... 
............... 
......... 

Currency-Neutral Sales Up 12%
Sales for the adidas segment in 2005 grew 12% on a currencyneutral basis,  with double-digit increases in all regions except
Europe,  where sales grew at a single-digit rate.  In euro termssales grew 13% to € 5861 billion in 2005 from € 5174 billion
in 2004. 
Strong Growth in All Major Sport Performance Categories
adidas Sport Performance is the largest division within the
segment,  comprising 78% of brand adidas revenues.  Sales in
this division increased 7% on a currency-neutral basis in 2005with double-digit growth in all regions except Europe.  Sales
increases in all major product categories,  in particular training,  tennis and running,  were the drivers of this improvement
and reflect the broad strength of the adidas product offering. 
In euro terms,  Sport Performance sales improved 8% in 2005
to € 4545 billion from € 4223 billion in the prior year. 
Sport Heritage Footwear and Apparel Sales Grow Vigorously
The Sport Heritage division contributed 22% to brand adidas
sales.  Currency-neutral sales in the division grew vigorously
in 2005,  up 41% compared to the prior year.  This increase was
driven by growth rates of over 40% in both footwear and apparel.  From a regional perspective,  sales increased at strong
double-digit growth rates across all regions.  In euro termsSport Heritage sales passed the € 1 billion mark for the first
time ever,  improving 42% to € 1290 billion in 2005 from
€ 907 million in 2004. 
Sport Style Sales Grow Modestly
In their third year on the market,  adidas Sport Style products
have become well established.  Sales were particularly strong
in the fourth quarter,  which more than compensated for a
weaker first half of 2005.  As a result,  sales in the Sport Style
division increased 2% both on a currency-neutral basis and in
euro terms to € 19 million in 2005 (2004: € 18 million),  representing less than 1% of 2005 brand adidas revenues. 

95

adidas Business Performance 
Currency-Neutral adidas Sales Grow 2% in Europe
Sales for brand adidas in Europe increased 2% on a currencyneutral basis due to strong momentum in the fourth quarter of 2005,  despite a tough retail market environment in
the region.  In euro terms,  revenues grew 3% to € 3042 billion in 2005 from € 2947 billion in 2004 with increases from
Germany,  Italy and France more than compensating declines
in the UK and Iberia.  In the region's emerging markets,  which
include Eastern European countries,  the Middle East and
Africa,  revenues continued to grow at strong double-digit
rates,  with particularly robust gains in Russia,  where sales
increased more than 40%.  Increased focus on key accounts
and adidas own-retail activities were the main contributors to
growth in Europe. 
adidas Sales in North America Increase 16% on a
Currency-Neutral Basis
On a currency-neutral basis,  adidas sales in North America
increased 16% in 2005,  reflecting double-digit sales increases
in each quarter as a result of the successful turnaround in the
region.  In euro terms,  revenues grew 16% to € 1179 billion
from € 1017 billion in the prior year.  This underlying sales
performance reflects positive development in all major categories throughout the year and is evidence of our strong and
well-rounded product offering. 
Currency-Neutral adidas Sales Grow 33% in Asia
In 2005,  adidas sales in Asia grew 33% on a currency-neutral
basis,  representing the most vigorous growth from a regional
perspective.  This equates to an increase of 34% in euro terms
to € 1300 billion from € 968 million in 2004.  The impressive
sales growth was mainly driven by strong performance
in China,  where sales nearly doubled in 2005.  In additioncontinued double-digit sales increases in Japan,  where
adidas became market leader for the first time,  and nearly
all other countries in the region,  led by South Korea and Indiacontributed to this strong performance.  This development
reflects the success of our Vision Asia initiative in the region. 

adidas Net Sales in Europe by Quarter € in millions
Q1 2004
Q1 2005
Q2 2004
Q2 2005
Q3 2004
Q3 2005
Q4 2004
Q4 2005

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllll 
adidas Net Sales in Asia by Quarter € in millions
845
848

Q1 2004
Q1 2005

665
658

Q2 2004
Q2 2005

935
932

Q3 2004
Q3 2005

502
604

Q4 2004
Q4 2005

adidas Net Sales in North America by Quarter € in millions
Q1 2004
Q1 2005
Q2 2004
Q2 2005
Q3 2004
Q3 2005
Q4 2004
Q4 2005

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllll 
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
232
309
224
303
266
347
246
341

adidas Net Sales in Latin America by Quarter € in millions
243
279

Q1 2004
Q1 2005

265
277

Q2 2004
Q2 2005

299
347

Q3 2004
Q3 2005

211
276

Q4 2004
Q4 2005

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
47
67
48
64
63
93
59
87

96
Currency-Neutral adidas Sales in Latin America Up 32%
Brand adidas sales in Latin America increased 32% on a
currency-neutral basis.  In euro terms,  sales improved 43%
to € 310 million in 2005 from € 217 million in 2004.  Continued strong double-digit growth in the region's three largest
sporting goods markets Brazil,  Mexico and Argentina,  due to
increased demand related to a strong product offering,  was
the primary driver of this positive development.  Virtually all
other countries also grew by double-digit rates. 
adidas Own Retail as Important Top-Line Growth Driver
Own retail is an increasingly important part of our business
in all regions and consists of four major components: concept
stores,  factory outlets,  Internet sales and concession corners in Asian markets.  Concept stores market Sport Performance and/or Sport Heritage products directly to consumers
in a stand-alone retail environment and provide us with high
visibility in major metropolitan locations as well as growth
opportunities in Eastern Europe and Asia where less retail
infrastructure is available.  Factory outlet stores are also
stand-alone concepts used to optimize clearance activities
for the adidas brand.  Internet sales in North America are
available at the Group's www, adidas, com website.  Concession corners provide adidas sales infrastructure to emerging markets in Asia.  Own-retail concepts result in additional
operating expenses such as personnel costs but allow us to
achieve a significantly higher gross margin on our products
than regular distribution via retail partners.  Further,  ownretail activities give us valuable insight into consumer needs
and product positioning.  We share this insight with our retail
customers,  who also often benefit from being in proximity to
our concept stores. 

Group Management Report 
adidas Own-Retail Sales by Channel
Internet 2%
Concession
corners 4%

Concept stores 37%

......... 
............... 
................... 
....................... 
......................... 
........................... 
............................. 
............................... 
................................. 
................................. 
................................... 
................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
................................... 
................................... 
................................. 
................................. 
............................... 
............................. 
........................... 
......................... 
....................... 
................... 
............... 
......... 

Factory outlets 57%

adidas Own-Retail Stores
2005

312

Factory outlets 
221

Concession corners 
174

E-commerce
Total 
228

206

207


708

Gross Margin Improves Significantly
The adidas gross margin increased by 11 percentage points
to 453% in 2005 from 441% in 2004.  This improvement was
largely driven by increased own-retail activities,  our improving product mix and favorable currency movements.  As a
result of these developments,  adidas gross profit grew 16% to
€ 2654 billion in 2005 from € 2284 billion in 2004. 

2004

Concept stores 

642

Currency-Neutral Own-Retail Sales Increase 36%
In 2005,  adidas opened 84 additional concept stores and 15
new factory outlets.  Major openings included Sport Performance stores in New York,  Berlin and Seoul as well as Sport
Heritage stores in Madrid,  Los Angeles and Hong Kong.  As
 result,  the store base at the end of 2005 comprised 312
concept stores,  221 factory outlet stores and 174 concession
corners worldwide.  adidas own-retail activities made up 13%
of brand sales in 2005,  up from 11% in the prior year.  This
represents an increase of 36% in currency-neutral terms and
37% in euros to € 757 million in 2005 from € 555 million in
2004,  driven by increases in comparable store sales and new
store openings. 

adidas Business Performance 
Royalty and Commission Income Grows 7%
In 2005,  royalty and commission income at brand adidas grew
by 7% to € 59 million from € 56 million in 2004.  This increase
was driven by both an increased number of units and higher
average royalty rates in our most important categories for
royalty and commission income,  namely cosmetics,  eyewear
and watches. 
Operating Expenses Increase as a Percentage of Sales
adidas operating expenses grew 15% to € 2020 billion in 2005
from € 1761 billion in 2004.  Operating expenses as a percentage of sales increased 04 percentage points to 345% in 2005
(2004: 340%).  This increase mainly reflects higher marketing
expenditures from fourth quarter product launches related to
the 2006 FIFA World Cup™ as well as higher operating overhead costs as a percentage of sales related to increased ownretail activities. 

adidas Net Sales by Region
Latin America 6%
Asia 22%

North America 20%

......... 
............... 
................... 
....................... 
......................... 
........................... 
............................. 
............................... 
................................. 
................................. 
................................... 
................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
................................... 
................................... 
................................. 
................................. 
............................... 
............................. 
........................... 
......................... 
....................... 
................... 
............... 
......... 

Europe 52%

adidas Operating Profit by Quarter 1) € in millions
Q1 2004
Q1 2005
Q2 2004
Q2 2005
Q3 2004
Q3 2005
Q4 2004
Q4 2005

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllll
llllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lll
ll 
1) 2004 quarterly figures have been adjusted to reflect the changes in IFRS. 

192
258
93
92
269
324
10
20

97
No Goodwill Amortization Incurred in 2005
In accordance with the new and revised International Financial Reporting Standards,  scheduled goodwill is no longer
allowed.  No goodwill impairment was incurred at brand
adidas in 2005.  This compares to scheduled goodwill amortization of € 14 million in the prior year (see Notes/note 2). 
Operating Profit and Margin Increase Considerably
In 2005,  the operating margin for the adidas segment
increased by 09 percentage points to 118% in 2005 (2004:
109%).  This improvement was a result of strong sales and
gross margin increases.  adidas operating profit grew by 23%
to € 693 million versus € 564 million in the prior year.  On a
comparable basis excluding goodwill amortization incurred in
2004 and including royalty and commission income for both
years,  operating profit and margin for brand adidas would
have increased by 20% or 07 percentage points respectively
in 2005. 

98

TaylorMade-adidas Golf
Business Performance
Sales for TaylorMade-adidas Golf in 2005 grew 11% on
 currency-neutral basis driven by strong increases in
all major product categories.  In euro terms,  this repre
Group Management Report 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf at a Glance € in millions
2005
Net sales
Gross margin
Operating profit 1)

2004

Change 
709
440%
50

633
470%
48

12%
(30pp)
5%

1) The 2004 figure has been adjusted to reflect the changes in IFRS. 

sents an improvement of 12% to € 709 million in 2005
from € 633 million in 2004.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf gross 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf Net Sales by Quarter € in millions 
margin declined 30 percentage points to 440% in 2005
from 470% in 2004 due to negative impacts from the buyout of the golf ball manufacturing contract with Dunlop
Slazenger.  Driven by strong top-line growth combined with
significant operating expense leverage,  operating profit
improved 5% to € 50 million in 2005 from € 48 million in
2004.  The adoption of new and revised International Financial Reporting Standards had a small positive impact on
the reported operational performance in 2005.  On a comparable basis,  the operating profit at TaylorMade-adidas Golf
increased 4%. 

Q1 2004
Q1 2005
Q2 2004
Q2 2005
Q3 2004
Q3 2005
Q4 2004
Q4 2005

lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
116
149
185
202
176
177
155
181

Currency-Neutral Sales Up 11%
Currency-neutral sales at TaylorMade-adidas Golf increased
11% in 2005.  This positive performance was driven by strong
growth in all major categories.  In euro terms,  revenues grew
12% to € 709 million in 2005 from € 633 million in 2004. 
Currency-Neutral Sales Growth Driven by New Product
Introductions and Expanded Product Offerings
Currency-neutral sales improvement at TaylorMade-adidas
Golf was driven by all major product categories.  The growth
in the irons category was largely due to the continued success with the rac™ family of irons and the introduction of the
r7® XD and r7® CGB MAX irons equipped with the Inverted
Cone Technology.  The metalwoods category also continued to
grow,  further strengthening TaylorMade-adidas Golf's number one position in the drivers market in 2005.  adidas Golf
apparel and footwear revenues both grew by double-digit
rates,  driven by the continued strength of our ClimaLite® and
ClimaCool® technologies. 

TaylorMade-adidas Golf Business Performance 
Highest Growth in North America In Three Years
On a regional basis,  currency-neutral revenue growth in 2005
was driven by strong performance in North America,  where
sales were up 21% due to double-digit increases in all major
categories as a result of successful product launches within
the year.  This marks the highest growth in the region in three
years.  Currency-neutral sales also increased in Europe,  up
7% due to solid growth in the UK and Germany.  By categorythe underlying sales increase was driven by strong performance in the irons and putters categories as well as in
adidas Golf footwear and apparel.  In Asia,  currency-neutral
sales were stable compared to prior year levels as a result
of growth in countries such as Japan and Australia offsetting
declines in South Korea.  In Latin America,  currency-neutral
sales of TaylorMade-adidas Golf increased 39%,  albeit from
 small base,  driven by vigorous growth in all major categories.  In euro terms,  sales in North America increased 21%
to € 383 million in 2005 from € 315 million in the prior year. 
European sales increased 6% in euro terms to € 102 million
(2004: € 96 million).  Asian revenues in euro terms increased
slightly to € 221 million in 2005 versus € 220 million in the
prior year.  And in Latin America,  sales increased 43% in euro
terms to € 3 million (2004: € 2 million). 
Gross Margin Declines
TaylorMade-adidas Golf gross margin decreased 30 percentage points to 440% in 2005 from 470% in the prior year
as a result of negative impacts from the buy-out of our golf
ball manufacturing contract with Dunlop Slazenger.  These
declines could only be partly offset by strong improvements in
in some product categories,  in particular irons.  Neverthelessdriven by strong sales improvement,  gross profit increased
5% to € 312 million in 2005 from € 298 million in 2004. 

TaylorMade-adidas Golf Net Sales by Product
Accessories 1) 6%
Putters 3%
Golf balls 6%
Apparel 14%
Footwear 7%

......... 
............... 
................... 
....................... 
......................... 
........................... 
............................. 
............................... 
................................. 
................................. 
................................... 
................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
................................... 
................................... 
................................. 
................................. 
............................... 
............................. 
........................... 
......................... 
....................... 
................... 
............... 
......... 

Metalwoods 45%

Irons 19%

1) Includes golf bags,  gloves and other accessories 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf Net Sales by Region
Latin America <1%
Europe 14%

Asia 31%

......... 
............... 
................... 
....................... 
......................... 
........................... 
............................. 
............................... 
................................. 
................................. 
................................... 
................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
................................... 
................................... 
................................. 
................................. 
............................... 
............................. 
........................... 
......................... 
....................... 
................... 
............... 
......... 

North America 54%

TaylorMade-adidas Golf Operating Profit by Quarter 1)
€ in millions
Q1 2004
Q1 2005
Q2 2004
Q2 2005
Q3 2004
Q3 2005
Q4 2004
Q4 2005

lllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllll 
1) 2004 quarterly figures have been adjusted to reflect the changes in IFRS. 

(16)
(1)
27
30
23

14
11

99
Royalty and Commission Income Decreases
Royalty and commission income at TaylorMade-adidas Golf
declined 32% to negative € 15 million in 2005 (2004: negative € 11 million) as a result of increased sales at adidas Golf. 
This amount reflects intra-Group royalties for the adidas Golf
business and therefore is recorded as part of royalty and commission income in the adidas segment. 
Operating Expenses as a Percentage of Sales
Decline Significantly
Operating expenses at TaylorMade-adidas Golf increased
4% to € 247 million in 2005 from € 237 million in the prior
year.  As a percentage of sales,  however,  operating expenses
declined strongly in 2005,  decreasing 27 percentage points to
348% (2004: 375%).  This reflects lower marketing expenditures as well as decreased operating overhead costs,  driven
by efficiency gains,  both as a percentage of sales. 
No Goodwill Amortization Incurred in 2005
In accordance with the new and revised International Financial
Reporting Standards,  scheduled goodwill is no longer allowed. 
No goodwill impairment was incurred at TaylorMade-adidas
Golf in 2005.  This compares to scheduled goodwill amortization of € 1 million in the prior year (see Notes/note 2). 
Operating Profit Increases by 5%
The operating margin declined 04 percentage points to 71%
in 2005 from 75% in 2004.  This development was a result of
the lower gross margin,  which more than offset strong sales
growth and significantly improved operating expense leverage. 
Operating profit for TaylorMade-adidas Golf increased 5% to
€ 50 million in 2005 from € 48 million in 2004.  On a comparable
basis excluding goodwill amortization and including royalty
and commission income for both years,  operating profit at
TaylorMade-adidas Golf increased 4% while the operating
margin decreased 06 percentage points in 2005. 

100

Global Operations
The adidas Group's Global Operations division coordinates
the development,  commercialization and manufacturing
of our products and leads the Group's efforts in supply
chain improvement.  The adidas Group supply chain can be
divided into two core cycles: product creation and procurement.  The product creation cycle describes our activities
from the initial product concept to product offering and
comprises the design,  development and commercialization of our products.  This part of the process is followed by
the procurement cycle,  which includes order managementmanufacturing and distribution.  We remain committed to
making significant permanent improvements in both the
creation and procurement areas to achieve optimal effects
in terms of quality,  costs and delivery performance. 

Group Management Report 
Independent Manufacturers Produce adidas Group Products
The vast majority of our products are produced by independent manufacturers.  We provide these suppliers with detailed
specifications for the production and delivery of our products. 
In order to ensure the high quality that consumers expect from
our products,  we enforce strict quality control and inspection
procedures (see our Social and Environmental Report). 
Footwear Production Dominated by Asia
In 2005,  Asia continued to be our most significant sourcing
region.  96% of our total footwear volume was produced in this
region,  with China representing our largest source country
with approximately 55% of the total volume followed by Indonesia and Vietnam with 20% each.  Production in the Americas
and Europe represented a total of 4% of our sourcing volume. 
Our largest footwear factory produced approximately 10% of
our footwear sourcing volume in 2005. 
Asia Plays Key Role in Apparel Production
Asia also represented the most significant portion of our
source base in apparel with 78% of our total apparel volume
coming from the region in 2005.  China and Indonesia were the
largest source countries,  representing 25% and 17% of total
apparel production,  respectively,  followed by Europe with 16%
and the Americas with 6%.  The largest apparel factory produced approximately 8% of our total apparel volume in 2005. 
Brand-Specific Hardware Production
The bulk of adidas hardware products,  such as balls and
bags,  are made in Asia,  representing 96% of the volume in
2005.  China remained our largest source country,  representing 61% of adidas' hardware production with Pakistan
and Vietnam each producing 16%.  The remaining 7% was
sourced via other Asian and European countries.  The majority of TaylorMade golf club components were manufactured
in China and then assembled by TaylorMade in their major
markets.  The TaylorMade-adidas Golf ball manufacturing
strategy was changed in 2005.  Premium-level offerings are
produced in the USA,  while the majority of the product range
is now sourced in Asia. 

Footwear Production by Region
Americas 2%
Europe 2%

......... 
............... 
................... 
....................... 
......................... 
........................... 
............................. 
............................... 
................................. 
................................. 
................................... 
................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
................................... 
................................... 
................................. 
................................. 
............................... 
............................. 
........................... 
......................... 
....................... 
................... 
............... 
......... 

Asia 96%

Apparel Production by Region
Americas 6%
Europe 16%

......... 
............... 
................... 
....................... 
......................... 
........................... 
............................. 
............................... 
................................. 
................................. 
................................... 
................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
....................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
..................................... 
................................... 
................................... 
................................. 
................................. 
............................... 
............................. 
........................... 
......................... 
....................... 
................... 
............... 
......... 

Asia 78%

Global Operations 
Contingency Plans to Minimize Impact of Apparel Quota
and Potential Footwear Import Duties
On January 1,  2005,  the quota system was abolished allowing
WTO member countries to export product without the restriction of quota.  The impact on exports from China was significant and,  by the second quarter of 2005,  both the European
Union and the USA had returned to restrictions ultimately
resulting in bilateral agreements.  The shift in direction created a period of volatility in the supply chain as suppliers and
importers rushed exports to the USA and EU to beat trade
restrictions.  Production capacities in Southeast Asia were
quickly taken as apparel brands reallocated production out of
China in order to support their remaining 2005 orders.  Despite
this trade instability,  we were able to minimize business disruption due to a flexible and diverse supply base which aided
our ability to shift a large amount of product to Southeast Asia
and other non-China sources.  With an EU decision on antidumping measures on leather-based footwear from China
and Vietnam expected in early 2006,  similar activities are now
underway in footwear. 

Ongoing Efforts to Further Optimize Supplier Base
Strong supplier relationships remain a significant factor for
both the outcome of our Global Operations activities and the
Group's overall success (see Risk Report).  We work closely
with our suppliers on key initiatives such as boosting efficiency,  enhancing management systems,  incorporating
special handling programs and supporting quick response
fulfillment programs in order to better serve our customers
and capitalize on market opportunities.  To facilitate a close
working relationship with our suppliers,  we have cross-functional teams based on-site at many of our factories.  adidas
measures the Group's suppliers on the basis of objective data
such as quality and delivery performance.  We also assess
our suppliers using more subjective ratings such as customer satisfaction levels and innovation. 
Renewed Focus on Reliability Increases Delivery
Performance to Record Levels
By increasing the transparency of information throughout our
supply chain,  we have improved our monitoring and measuring of our performance in Global Operations,  leading to better
reliability and service to our customers.  Despite the volatile
trade environment,  resulting from quota and anti-dumping
restrictions,  we have been able to significantly increase our
delivery performance.  In 2005,  we delivered over 20 million
more products on time compared to 2004,  driven by a dramatic 12% boost in apparel delivery performance. 

101
Replenishment Programs Drive Lead-Time Reduction
Our replenishment programs were expanded in 2005 to
address specific and unique market opportunities.  For
example,  we enhanced our approach to managing the football
teamwear business,  i, e.  adidas branded product sold to amateur individuals and teams from the grassroots level upwards. 
Teamwear is a make-to-stock business with the majority of
revenue being generated via 'at once" sales through team
dealers.  Retail order lead times of this product are approximately 120 days,  requiring purchasing decisions to be made
well in advance of actual market need and creating inventory
exposure.  A replenishment program was designed to address
this challenge and reduce order-to-shelf lead times to 30 45
days in 2005,  resulting in over 18 million units purchased on
this shorter timeframe,  with expectations for 2006 of over
 million units and even shorter lead times. 
Separate Programs to Support 2006 FIFA World Cup™
An event like the 2006 FIFA World Cup™ poses unique challenges with respect to demand and delivery timelines.  With
late qualification of participating teams and a lack of transparency in demand for our licensed federation product,  we
have capitalized on these opportunities through four separate supply programs.  Each of these programs addresses
the different phases of qualification,  pre-tournament,  tournament and post-tournament play.  The end goal is to maximize
sales at each phase,  while at the same time mitigating inventory risk.  We are forecasting to ship over a million products
through these programs. 

102

Research & Development
We believe that innovation and design leadership are critical to the sustained success of our Group.  As a result,  we
invest considerable resources into continuously developing
technological innovations and contemporizing our design
philosophy to best unite the needs of our consumers and
our brand values.  The design and development process is
driven by internal teams of designers,  product developers
as well as in-house experts from the fields of biomechanics,  materials technology,  product and process engineering
and similar disciplines. 

Group Management Report 
Multinational R&D Activities
The majority of the Group's research and development
activities are located in Herzogenaurach,  Germany,  Portland /
Oregon,  USA,  and Carlsbad /California,  USA.  Product design and development for the Sport Performance categories running,  football,  tennis and training take place at the
development center in Herzogenaurach,  while design and
development activities for the Sport Performance basketball category are assigned to Portland.  Sport Heritage and
Sport Style products are primarily designed and developed
in Herzogenaurach.  For TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  research
and development of products is located in Carlsbad.  In 2005we also opened the Group's first Asian design and development center for Sport Performance apparel and accessories
in Shanghai,  China,  to respond to the growing importance of
the Asian market.  This center will focus on aligning Asia with
our Group's global development strategy while supporting
our business through the creation of customized products
addressing the specific needs of Asian consumers. 
Multidisciplinary R&D Team Underpins Innovation
Leadership at adidas
At adidas,  the adidas Innovation Team is responsible for
developing products which strategically position the adidas
brand as a leader in technology and innovation.  It is a productbased team working in all product categories that incorporates innovation management,  industrial design,  engineering
(mechanical /electronic),  development,  research,  biomechanics and testing.  In recent years,  the adidas Innovation Team
has developed technological innovations such as ClimaCool®a3®,  the Ground Control System™ and the new match ball
for the 2006 FIFA World Cup™ named +Teamgeist™.  adidas
does not purchase any R&D expertise besides fundamental
research.  However,  to ensure continuous improvement of
our technologies and products,  the adidas Innovation Team
engages in long-term projects with well-established global
research partners such as the Faculty of Kinesiology of the
University of Calgary,  Canada,  the Institute of Sport and
Sport Science of the University of Freiburg,  Germany,  and the
Sports Technology Research Group of the University of Loughborough,  England.  In addition,  adidas regularly consults both
professional and recreational athletes during the design and
development process to improve functionality,  comfort and
design of our products. 

Successful Commercialization of Technologies
To be an innovation leader,  it is not only critical to consistently
bring completely new or significantly improved technologies
to market but also to successfully commercialize those
technologies.  Two examples of how adidas has transformed
its technological innovations into commercial success are
our intelligent running shoe,  adidas1,  and the ClimaCool®
footwear and apparel concept.  Prior to bringing these innovative concepts to market,  it took several years of iterative
research and development including extensive product testing.  After launching the adidas1 in March 2005,  we sold
more than 60000 pairs at a retail price of € 250 despite our
strategy of limited supply and selective distribution.  We plan
to sell more than 150000 pairs in 2006 and believe that in
the medium term intelligent products will dominate the
industry in all product categories.  Since the introduction of
ClimaCool® in 2002,  the concept has been highly successful. 
Today,  it encompasses a full range of footwear and apparel
that amounts to almost 20 million items sold per year.  We
expect to grow the ClimaCool® franchise even further in 2006. 
Other important product introductions in 2005 were the next
generation of the Predator® football boot,  +Predator® Absolute,  and the +Teamgeist™ match ball of the 2006 FIFA World
Cup™ (see Innovation and Marketing).  In 2006,  adidas will bring
several new concepts,  technology evolutions and revolutions to
market (see Outlook). 

Research & Development 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf a Leader in Innovative Golf Products
Industry experts widely believe that success in the golf market is primarily determined by the ability to constantly introduce and commercialize innovative products.  ThereforeTaylorMade-adidas Golf strives to continually design and
develop industry-leading products such as the innovative
r7® driver which was ranked the top driver on the PGA Tour
in 2004 and 2005.  The R&D team at TaylorMade-adidas Golf
comprises industrial designers and specialists in metallurgical,  biomechanical,  structural,  electrical and mechanical engineering,  utilizing sophisticated computerized technologies
to constantly improve existing technologies and introduce
technological revolutions.  Before products are launched on
the market,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf conducts thorough testing activities in cooperation with tour professionals.  In the last
three years,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf has presented industryleading technologies such as the Movable Weight Technology™the Inverted Cone Technology,  the Anti-Skid Groove System
Insert,  TaylorMade Launch Control and Clima Compression. 
In 2005,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf brought several successful
new products to market such as the r7® 425 driver,  a new
series of Rossa® putters,  the r7® CGB Max and r7® XD ironsthe Tour 360 golf shoe,  Clima Compression T-shirts featuring
adidas ClimaLite® fabric technology and the BlackMAX® golf
ball.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf will continue to position itself as
the innovation leader in the golf market in 2006 by introducing further new product and technology developments (see
Outlook). 
Active Trademark and Patent Protection Policy
To capitalize on the Group's R&D achievements,  we seek to
gain trademark protection for our key products,  technologies
and innovations in all major markets for footwear,  apparel
and hardware.  We hold registered trademark rights or have
applied for trademark protection for the Group's brands and
other proprietary names in most countries around the world. 
Our business is not dependent upon any single patent or
licensed technology.  As part of our business policy,  we rigorously defend the adidas Group's trademarks and patents by
monitoring and prosecuting infringements of trademark and
patent rights around the world. 

R&D Expenses € in millions
2001
2002
2003
2004

1)

2005

1)

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
86
85
86
59
63

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

R&D Expenses in % of Net Sales
2001
2002
2003
2004 1)
2005 1)

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
14
13
14
10
09

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

R&D Expenses in % of Operating Expenses
2001
2002
2003
2004

1)

2005

1)

llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
llllllllllllllllllllllllllll
lllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon
business segment. 

40
36
37
26
24

103
R&D Expenses Increase Slightly in 2005
At December 31,  2005,  636 people were employed in the Group's
R&D activities compared to 595 employees in 2004 (+7%). 
This increase in employees drove expenses for research and
development in 2005,  which grew by 7% to € 63 million from
€ 59 million in 2004.  In 2005,  R&D expenses represented 24%
of total operating expenses versus 26% in the prior year.  R&D
expenses as a percentage of sales slightly declined to 09%
from 10% in 2004.  Other related expenses for product development and market research,  for example,  were incurred as
part of the Group's other operating expenses. 
Sales Driven by New Products
The majority of the adidas Group's sales in 2005 were generated with products newly introduced in the course of the year. 
At adidas,  products launched in 2005 accounted for 79% of
brand sales.  Only 5% of total sales were generated with products introduced in 2002 or before.  In the TaylorMade-adidas
Golf segment,  current products (i, e.  products launched in the
last 18 months) represented 89% of total sales.  Products that
had been brought to market in 2002 or before accounted for
less than 1% of TaylorMade-adidas Golf sales. 

104

Internal Management
System
 prime objective of adidas Management is to deliver longterm profitable growth and improve the financial health of
the Group.  As a result,  in addition to continuously improving top-line performance,  the generation of free cash flow
is the principal financial goal of our Group.  We strive to
optimize free cash flow by focusing on three major levers:
operating margin,  operating working capital and capital
expenditure. 

Group Management Report 
Optimizing Operating Margin
The operating margin is the Group's most important measure
of operational success.  For that reason,  we are constantly
monitoring operating margin development at all brands and
in all regions.  In addition,  we regularly benchmark operating
margin results of our brands with those of our major competitors.  Operating performance is also the key metric in
the variable compensation of our operating managers.  The
primary levers to optimize the Group's operating margin are
continued gross margin improvements and operating expense
control.  In order to improve the Group's gross margin,  we
strive to become more efficient throughout our supply chainto optimize our product mix and to effectively utilize ownretail activities.  Additionally,  to control operating expenseswe budget our marketing expenses each year as a percentage of planned sales.  Over the last few years,  our efforts have
focused on finding the optimal balance between advertising
and promotion expenditure.  By shifting marketing spending from promotion partnerships to advertising,  we have
been able to increase the transparency and flexibility of our
marketing working budget.  To best support and position our
brands,  our promotion strategy concentrates on partnerships
with top athletes,  teams,  leagues and events.  In addition to
optimizing our marketing working budget,  we strive to reduce
operating overhead expenses as a percentage of sales by
continuously improving internal processes through efficiency
programs,  especially in our sales,  distribution,  finance,  IT and
other general administration functions. 
Tight Working Capital Management
To minimize capital employed requirements,  our Group is
dedicated to continued tight working capital management. 
Our key metric in this area is operating working capital as a
percentage of sales which allows us to continuously measure
and monitor the development of working capital within our
business context.  A main target of our Group is to optimize
inventory levels and ageing to ensure fast replenishment
of current product to optimize sales at high profitability.  In
addition,  we are focused on disciplined management of our
accounts receivable by continuously improving our collection
efforts.  Likewise,  we strive to optimize payment conditions
with our suppliers to best manage accounts payable. 

Performance Measurement System and Key Financial Ratios
Free Cash Flow 
Operating
Margin 
Operating Working
Capital 
Gross
Margin 
Inventories 
Operating
Overheads 
Accounts
Receivable 
Marketing
Working Budget 
Accounts
Payable 
Capital
Expenditure 
105

Internal Management System 
Focused Capital Expenditure
We are committed to further improving the effectiveness of
the Group's capital expenditure.  Therefore,  we limit capital
expenditure levels through disciplined budget control and
focusing expenditure on our core strategies.  Amongst othersthese include the expansion of our own-retail activities and
the optimization of the Group's IT systems supporting our
business processes. 
Outstanding Financial Achievements in 2005
In 2005,  we achieved all our major financial and non-financial
targets (see Inside Front Cover).  Operating margin increased
07 percentage points to reach 107%,  the highest level ever. 
Average operating working capital as a percentage of sales
was reduced by 24 percentage points to 260% in 2005 from
284% in the prior year,  reflecting our efforts to maintain tight
working capital management.  In addition,  capital expenditure
control was successful with an investment level of € 211 million in 2005,  at the lower end of the initially planned range of
between € 200 and € 250 million. 
Order Backlogs as Performance Indicators
The best indicator of future development of the Group's
revenues are our order backlogs which comprise the orders
received up to six months in advance of the actual sale. 
Information concerning the ongoing development of our order
backlogs compared to the previous year's level,  together with
adidas' own-retail expectations (which are not included in our
backlog calculation) as well as feedback from retailers,  is
contained in this annual report (see Outlook).  We also publish
regular updates on the development of our order book in our
quarterly reports.  In addition,  the development of key performance measures and financial ratios can be monitored in the
Group's quarterly statements. 

Key Financial Metrics 2005 Results 
Gross margin 


Gross profit
 100
Net sales 


482%

Operating expenses (% of net sales)



Operating expenses
 100
Net sales 


382%

Operating margin 


Operating profit
 100
Net sales 


107%

Average operating working capital 1) (€ in millions) 

Sum of operating working capital at quarter-end




1819

Operating working capital 1) (% of net sales)



Average operating working capital
 100
Net sales 


260%

Capital expenditure 1) 2) (€ in millions)

 Additions of property,  plant and equipment plus intangible assets 


211

1) Including discontinued operations
2) Excluding goodwill and financial leases 
106

Risk Report
To safeguard and improve our strong competitive position
and to sustain the long-term success of our Group,  adidas
believes it is necessary to take certain risks.  Our risk
management principles and our risk management system
define how we manage our risks.  They specify which risks
we need to avoid,  which we need to mitigate,  which we
can transfer and which we will have to accept and take the
necessary precautions for in order to minimize our overall
risk while at the same time exploiting chances to the greatest extent possible. 

Group Management Report 
Risk Management Principles and Process
The adidas Group has a decentralized risk management system as we believe that risks are best identified,  assessed and
controlled where they arise,  reflecting that different business
segments and regions carry heterogeneous risk profiles.  In
addition,  centralized risk management provides relevant risk
management tools and know-how,  assists line managers in
the risk management process,  aggregates and consolidates
the identified risks on a Group-wide basis and monitors their
development over time.  Our Management continually integrates this risk information in its decision-making processes. 
Our risk management process is composed of the following
steps:
… Risk identification: adidas constantly monitors both the
…
…
macroeconomic environment and developments in the sporting goods industry as well as internal processes to identify risks as early as possible.  We have therefore defined a
catalog of potential risks for our Group,  the sporting goods
industry and the environment in which we operate that assists
Management at different levels within our organization in
identifying risks. 
… Risk assessment: Identified risks are evaluated with
…
…
respect to potential loss and occurrence probability.  The
occurrence probability is categorized as 'high",  'medium" or
'low".  The extent of potential loss is measured quantitatively
where possible,  including a calculation of the potential best
and worst case scenarios and their impact on the short- and
long-term financial health of our Group.  Where risks cannot
be quantified,  we qualify them and estimate their financial
impact. 
… Risk treatment: Based on our risk management prin…
…
ciples and our risk management manual,  Management decides which risks we avoid,  reduce,  transfer or accept. 

… Risk controlling: The Group centrally monitors how risks
…
…
in different areas and operational processes influence each
other.  Our risk management then aggregates individual risks
into an overall risk profile.  In addition,  risks which cannot be
bound to one specific process such as changes in the Group's
strategic direction or resource deployment are regularly
reviewed and evaluated on a business case basis incorporating relevant risk components.  In a quarterly rhythm,  risks and
opportunities above a defined threshold are reported formally
to the risk management officer and monitored in successive periods.  Our regular business unit reviews also include
in-depth analyses of the reported risks.  For immediate risks
we have implemented ad-hoc reporting processes. 
… Risk management documentation: Our Group risk man…
…
agement manual is a core element of our integrated risk
management system.  The manual outlines the principlesprocesses,  tools,  risk areas and key responsibilities within
our Group. 

Risk Report 
Corporate Risks Overview 
External Risks 
External Risks
Macroeconomic risks
Industry risks
Regulatory and political risks
Legal risks
Social and environmental risks
Natural risks 
Macroeconomic Risks
Growth of the sporting goods industry is correlated to general economic growth.  Therefore risks arise from economic
downturns.  To reduce the related risks,  a key element of our
Group's strategy is to associate our brands closely with major
sporting events such as the 2006 FIFA World Cup™ or the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games which create predictable demand
less sensitive to macroeconomic influence. 

Financial Risks
Currency risks
Interest rate risks
Investment risks
Financing and liquidity risks
Strategic Risks
Portfolio risks
Brand image risks
Research & development and product quality risks
Own-retail risks
Personnel risks
Operational Risks
Sourcing risks
Customer risks
IT risks 
Industry Risks
The global sporting goods industry differs regionally in structure,  maturity and level of competition.  In Europe and North
America,  the sporting goods industry is relatively mature and
marked by retail consolidation.  As a consequence,  adidas
growth is largely derived by gaining market share from competitors.  The largest retail chains have considerable purchasing power which puts pressure on our margins.  The Group
also faces the risk of discount retailers,  who are increasingly
entering especially the sports apparel market which has low
entry barriers in these regions.  To create demand,  assure
high price points and sustain high margins going forwardwe differentiate ourselves by positioning adidas as being
the industry's innovation leader and having high credibility
among athletes.  In some Asian markets and Latin Americathe sporting goods industry is still in its development stage. 
In these regions,  distribution channels are less developed and
trends can be more volatile. 

Risk Management Principles and Process
External Risks 
107

Regulatory and Political Risks
As our business processes span numerous countries,  we are
constantly exposed to the risk of import duties or customs
tariffs,  import restrictions and other trade restrictions.  Our
Group has mitigated this risk by developing strategic relationships with suppliers operating in multiple countries.  As
 result,  we are able to shift production to other countries
while maintaining a consistently high level of delivery performance (see Global Operations).  Protectionist efforts such as
the recent introduction of custom tariffs and import restrictions in Argentina and Brazil could negatively affect sales. 
Our Group mitigates this risk by closely following regulatory
actions,  local production and regionally balancing sales.  In
certain Asian countries,  the flow of apparel goods is subject
to high customs barriers.  Due to this fact,  the adidas Group
operates numerous decentralized warehouses and multiple
ports throughout Asia.  In countries with considerable political risk,  we minimize our asset and cash exposure wherever
possible. 
Legal Risks
Finding solutions for various legal matters in numerous
countries entails risk for the Group,  especially in the formulation of contracts,  the resolution of legal issues and the
taking of legal action.  The Group is also exposed to the risk
of claims and litigation from infringement of trademark and
patent rights.  We therefore carefully research new products
and product names to identify and avoid potentially conflicting
rights of third parties.  Furthermore,  as a popular consumer
brand with technological and design innovation as defining
characteristics,  adidas is a frequent target for counterfeiting
and imitation.  To mitigate the resulting risks of loss of sales
and damage of reputation,  adidas utilizes extensive legal protection (generally through registration) and works together
with law enforcement authorities,  investigators and lawyers. 
Our strategy is to give priority to action against more significant counterfeit operations such as manufacturers and distributors.  We also take measures to control production with
authorized suppliers.  During 2005,  the Group seized more
than six million counterfeit products worldwide. 

108
Social and Environmental Risks
We have continuing responsibilities to our workers and the
environment.  Malpractice in these areas can have a significant impact on the reputation and operational efficiency
of our Group and our suppliers.  To limit this risk,  we have
established our own adidas Code of Conduct,  the Standards
of Engagement (SOE).  adidas suppliers must prove that they
meet the Group's standards and conditions before they can
become business partners.  An internal adidas team also
inspects suppliers' factories on a regular basis.  These internal
audits are verified by extensive independent audits (see our
Social and Environmental Report).  In the event of non-compliance with our SOE,  factory management together with our
Social & Environmental Affairs team develops action plans
and sets deadlines for compliance and further improvement. 
When a factory continually fails to meet SOE standards,  business relations are terminated.  In 2005,  this was the case in
three instances (see our Social and Environmental Report). 
Natural Risks
The adidas Group is exposed to external risks such as natural
disasters,  epidemics,  fire and accidents.  If avian flu,  for
example,  were to develop into a worldwide pandemic,  our
business operations especially in Asia could be considerably
affected.  Together with all parties involved,  the adidas Group
has implemented contingency plans to minimize potential
negative effects.  Furthermore,  physical damage to our own
or our suppliers' premises,  production units,  warehouses and
stock in transit can lead to financial loss such as property
damage and business interruption.  These risks are mitigated
by ample loss prevention measures such as working with reliable suppliers and logistics providers who guarantee high
safety standards and catastrophe recovery plans.  The adidas
Group also has considerable insurance coverage for such
damage. 

Group Management Report 
Financial Risks
Currency Risks
Most of the Group's currency risks result from the fact that a
significant portion of our sourcing is done directly with suppliers in the Far East.  This means the products are invoiced
mainly in US dollars,  whereas our sales to customers are
denominated primarily in euros and other currencies (such
as the Japanese yen,  the Canadian dollar and the British
pound).  Therefore the adidas Group is exposed to the risk of
exchange rate movements,  which is minimized through centralized currency risk management.  In addition to natural
hedges,  the Group reduces currency risks by hedging its annual net currency deficit,  typically between 15 and 18 months
in advance,  using forward contracts,  swaps and currency options or combinations of currency options (see Notes to the
Consolidated Balance Sheet/note 23).  These combinations
provide protection against further appreciation of the US dollar,  but allow us to participate in the depreciation of the US
dollar.  In advance of the acquisition of Reebok International
Ltd.,  additional hedging was initiated as the purchase price
was paid in US dollars. 
Interest Rate Risks
Significant interest rate changes can have an adverse effect
on the Group's profitability,  liquidity and financial position.  To
minimize the risk of a major rise in interest rates,  the vast
majority of the Group's floating-rate borrowings are protected
with interest rate caps.  Additionally,  the Group continued to
reduce its net borrowings in 2005 in order to minimize interest
expenses (see Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet/note
23).  The acquisition of Reebok has led to an increase in interest rate risks due to the increased financing requirements. 
The Group currently makes financing arrangements partly
on a floating-rate and partly on a fixed-rate basis.  Floatingrate arrangements are partially protected by corresponding
hedges. 

Investment Risks
In 2005,  the adidas Group significantly reduced the amount
of cash invested in investment funds in anticipation of the
financing of the Reebok acquisition.  As the remaining investment funds were sold at the beginning of 2006,  risks related
to a major decline in the value of these funds no longer exist. 
Financing and Liquidity Risks
The adidas Group has entered into several financing arrangements in order to finance the Reebok acquisition.  The Group
obtained favorable terms as participating banks rated our
financial strength positively.  In order to counteract the risk
of unfavorable financing terms,  the Group negotiates credit
lines centrally as far as possible,  in accordance with our
Group financing policy (see Group Business Performance). 

Risk Report 
Strategic Risks
Portfolio Risks
The adidas Group faces risks due to contractual obligations
following business divestitures and with regard to acquisitions. 
The size and complexity of the Reebok acquisition causes the
risk of cultural misfit,  overestimation of potential synergiesexecution risks as well as loss of key personnel (see Personnel Risks).  Potential risks were considered extensively prior
to the transaction and are regularly revised and evaluated as
part of the integration process.  We believe that Reebok's similarly multinational employee structure as well as its history
of constant sport performance orientation largely mitigates
the risk of cultural misfit.  The risk of overestimation of synergies could be caused by integration difficulties or retailers
shifting demand to competitors.  Our Group regards this risk
as being controlled since cost synergies have been calculated
thoroughly and are monitored regularly. 
Brand Image Risks
Success in the sporting goods industry is dependent on an
attractive brand image.  A restriction in the usage of our Three
Stripes symbol at major sporting events could potentially
harm our brand recognition value.  We,  however,  regard this
risk as limited,  because the federations most important for us
have agreed upon the further usage of the Three Stripes.  To
further mitigate the risk of a deterioration of brand strengthadidas has entered into contracts with numerous federations,  clubs and athletes and invests into advertising.  The
risk related to the high absolute level of spending needed to
secure brand image is mitigated in various ways.  Firstly,  a
significant portion of our advertising expenses is variable in
nature and can quickly be cut if necessary.  Secondly,  the Group
approaches all major contracts and sponsorship agreements
with a profit center mentality,  working with top-tier marketing and advertising agencies to quantify all associated costs/
benefits.  Thirdly,  all contracts we enter into include clauses
linking our payments directly to the athlete's performance or
the success of the licensed range we are selling to our consumers.  In addition,  adidas has the opportunity to terminate
the agreement under certain circumstances such as drug
abuse or poor performance. 

Research and Development and Product Quality Risks
In the sporting goods industry,  potential risks arise from
the speed with which new product technologies are brought
to market.  If the adidas Group failed to constantly develop
innovative products,  we could suffer a significant sales decline
as innovative products create an important halo effect.  The
adidas Group also faces risks if and when defective products
are sold.  The financial consequences of product liability cases are covered by insurance contracts.  However,  these cases
may damage market perception of our products,  resulting in
image impairment.  We mitigate this risk through rigorous
testing prior to production,  close cooperation with manufacturers throughout the production process,  open communication about defective products and quick settlement of product
recalls if necessary. 
Own-Retail Risks
Brand adidas uses own-retail channels to market adidas
products directly to the consumer (see adidas Business
Performance).  New stores require considerable investment
in leases,  furniture and fittings resulting in a high portion
of fixed costs,  especially given that our own-retail activities require considerably more personnel in relation to net
sales than our wholesale business.  The Group minimizes the
capital employed by only entering into lease contracts with
 duration of less than ten years.  In addition,  all shops must
fulfill ambitious profitability targets dependent on size,  location and investment in the store.  If these targets are not metwe take appropriate measures to reduce future risk before
closure. 

External Risks
Financial Risks
Strategic Risks 
109

Personnel Risks
The adidas Group's future success is highly dependent on our
employees and their talents.  Our compensation,  development
and talent management programs are all targeted to drive
maximum performance and minimize the risk posed by the
loss of current employees,  particularly in key positions.  Our
fluctuation (voluntary attrition) in 2005 was 9%.  This managed
fluctuation is well below the industry level and an indicator
of both our retention efforts and our ability to stay competitive versus the market,  especially in areas such as design and
marketing.  Further,  our Group regards the retention of Reebok
key personnel as crucial for the success of the acquisition.  As
Reebok management supported our acquisition proposal and
is as confident about future growth prospects of the combined
Group as adidas management is,  we regard the risk of loss of
key employees as minimized.  In addition,  to secure mediumterm retention of key executive employees at Reebok,  we
offered a retention package to around 25 senior employees. 

110
Operational Risks
Sourcing Risks
Sourcing risks include quality and delivery risks,  risks of supplier dependency and costing.  In order to manage the risk of
quality variation,  we constantly train and certify factory quality assurance personnel as well as certify factory laboratories. 
The adidas Group also faces the risk of being dependent on
suppliers which are primarily located in Asia.  If adidas was
prevented from purchasing footwear in China and Vietnamwhere most footwear products are sourced,  this would have
 material impact on the Group's ability to meet customer
demand at least in the short term.  To mitigate this risk,  the
Group has insurance coverage of € 50 million for supplierdriven business interruptions.  In light of rising raw materials
prices,  the adidas Group has identified costing as an integral
part of the product creation process.  To secure competitive
pricing,  adidas works with a balanced portfolio of suppliers
that enables us to use alternative sources if necessary. 

Group Management Report 
Customer Risks
Customer risks arise from our dependency on key customerscredit risk and our limited ability to quickly react to changing
demands.  adidas limits the risk of dependency on key customers by servicing at least ten key accounts per region to
avoid dependency on one single retailer.  As a result,  our largest customer accounted for only around 5% of our overall net
sales in 2005.  However,  a strong reduction of business with
one of our biggest retailers could adversely affect regional
sales and profitability.  Similarly,  a credit risk would arise if a
major customer became insolvent or otherwise failed to pay
its debts causing a negative impact on profitability.  To minimize the risk,  the Group further tightened its credit processes
in 2005. 
IT Risks
IT mismanagement can result in severe disruptions to our
business.  We employ various methods to mitigate these risksincluding regular policy review,  the utilization of hardware
and software experts,  firewall and encryption technologies
and business continuity planning.  Our wide area network
(WAN) connections are set up in such a way as to prevent
system-wide failure and all our dial-up connections to the
corporate Intranet are encrypted.  In addition,  periodic reviews
of the systems architecture and regular renewal of hardware
platforms ensure that the Group meets changing business
requirements.  Our data base is protected by regular back-ups
and proactive maintenance.  Furthermore,  to improve disaster
recovery,  in the near future our data center will be moved to a
separate location meeting highest safety standards. 

Overall Risk
Based on the compilation of risks explained within this report
and the current business outlook,  no immediate risks have
been identified which could jeopardize the ongoing business
health and viability of the adidas Group.  In 2005,  the adidas
Group entered into a number of arrangements with leading
global banks to finance the Reebok acquisition.  The positive
responses to our financing demands give us confidence in
the market's valuation of our financial health and our own
overall risk assessment.  adidas therefore has not obtained
an official rating by one of the leading rating agencies.  We
believe that the earning power of adidas forms a solid basis
for our future business development.  As outlined above,  we
have taken appropriate precautions against typical business
risks that could negatively affect our financial standing and
profitability situation. 

Risk Report
Opportunities 
Opportunities
The global business landscape of the sporting goods
industry is rapidly changing,  offering strong opportunities for our Group not only from a strategic but also from
 macroeconomic and socio-environmental perspective. 
These changes provide further potential for our Group to
achieve medium-term growth and further increase sales
and profitability. 

Corporate Opportunities Overview
Macro-Economic Opportunities
Emerging markets as long-term growth drivers
Industry Opportunities
Increased sports orientation among women
High-growth sports categories
Running being redefined
Strategic Opportunities
Reebok integration
Promotion partnerships
Product innovations 
Operational Risks
Overall Risk
Macro-Economic Opportunities 
111

Macro-Economic Opportunities
Emerging Markets as Long-Term Growth Drivers
One of the most important drivers of medium-term growth
will come from growth in the emerging markets.  We are
targeting significant sales increases in Asia in the coming
years,  supported by positive macroeconomic signals in China
and several other markets.  For brand adidas,  we plan to
deliver sales of more than € 2 billion in Asia by 2008.  The
major growth driver of this development will be China,  where
we plan to increase sales from currently over € 200 million to around € 1 billion by 2010.  This will be helped by our
sponsorships of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games as well as
the Chinese national football team.  Furthermore,  our growth
expectations in Asia will also be supported by expected
strong annual increases in India,  Korea and Southeast Asia. 
Latin America is also expected to grow strongly within the
next years,  mainly driven by Brazil and Argentina.  These two
countries,  which are two of the largest economies of Latin
America,  have implemented improved monetary,  fiscal and
structural policies.  In Europe,  the economy should benefit
from strong development in the Eastern European countriesespecially Russia,  where the economic situation continues to
improve and the outlook is favorable,  reflecting strong GDP
growth and rising real incomes and employment rates as well
as improving key social indicators. 

112

Group Management Report 
Industry Opportunities 
Strategic Opportunities 
Fast-Growing Women's Segment
The women's sports market is the fastest-growing segment
in the sporting goods industry with women accounting for
more than half of total spending on athletic footwear.  In
addition,  women also make approximately 80% of the buying
decisions for sports apparel for men,  women and children. 
Reebok is a market leader in the women's category and is
well positioned to grow further with this segment.  Moreoveradidas is active in two of the most lucrative women's sports
segments,  namely sport-specific performance products and
designer fashion products.  The great success of the adidas
by Stella McCartney women's performance line and the
Y-3 collection indicates the strong further potential of this
segment. 

Reebok Integration
The acquisition of Reebok opens up new business opportunities.  By acquiring Reebok,  we have a more geographically
balanced sales mix,  allowing us to reduce our European
exposure and increase our American sales.  Moreover,  with
our market positioning and expertise mainly in Asia,  Reebok's
assets,  in particular its exclusive license contracts with the
NBA,  NFL and MLB,  will be leveraged beyond Reebok's core
US and UK markets to drive incremental sales for the Group. 
As a result,  significant revenue synergies are expected.  In
addition,  Reebok's music-inspired lifestyle business,  including contracts with 50 Cent,  Jay-Z and its strong position in the
women's business,  expands our portfolio of brands to serve
highly differentiated consumers.  We further expect to achieve
cost synergies of around € 125 million in 2008 by savings
in sales,  marketing and distribution,  overhead costs,  IT and
sourcing. 

High-Growth Sports Categories
Nordic walking is currently one of the biggest sports trend
with strong growth rates expected in the coming years. 
Reebok has a strong presence in walking,  offering more
than twenty different kinds of walking shoes.  adidas' running
expertise,  which drives product innovation in the segmentcan be utilized in the Nordic walking category as walking is
closely linked to running.  As a result,  we are likely to benefit
from the expected long-term growth trend in this category. 
Furthermore,  outdoor activities such as hiking,  trail running
and rock climbing are also identified as high-growth sports
categories.  Outdoor is another strategic opportunity where
we have developed a strong competence through our eight
years of cooperation with Salomon,  which we can now fully
exploit under the adidas name. 
Running Being Redefined
Running continues to be extremely popular,  but running demographics are changing,  with high growth rates among both
female and older athletes.  People are taking up running for
different purposes,  from weight loss and stress reduction to
completing a marathon.  Therefore,  the demand for functional
footwear and apparel is expected to grow.  Since our strength
is our multi-stage approach to the market for technical,  functional and versatile running,  we expect to benefit from this
trend.  In addition,  the running segment is the most important
category for customization and 'intelligent products" whichwhen successfully introduced here,  will give us additional
opportunities in other categories. 

Promotion Partnerships as Long-Term Success Factor
Promotion partnerships are an important vehicle for our Group
to ensure long-term future success,  generating new revenue
opportunities through product lines launched in cooperation
with our partners as well as enhancing the Group's brand
image.  New long-term football partnerships with two of
England's leading football clubs,  Chelsea FC and Liverpool
FC,  are important new additions to our impressive portfolio. 
In addition,  Reebok holds exclusive license contracts with the
major American professional sports leagues,  whereas adidas
is the Official Partner of the FIFA World Cup™ tournaments
through to 2014 and of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games. 
Partnerships with athletes are also important for positive
future development in the basketball and tennis categories. 
adidas' long-term basketball partnerships with the NBA stars
Tracy McGrady,  Kevin Garnett and Tim Duncan as well as with
top tennis players such as Andre Agassi,  Marat Safin and
Justine Henin-Hardenne underpin our positive expectations
for the future in these categories as they positively showcase
our brand values and have high visibility with key consumer
groups. 
Product Innovations
As outlined in the Research & Development section,  it is our
Group's goal to bring at least one major innovation or significant evolution of an existing innovation to the market.  This
has allowed adidas and TaylorMade to become established at
the performance end of the sporting goods market.  Reebok
has also developed a distinguished portfolio of product innovations,  including the Pump 20 and DMX.  By harnessing this
extensive R&D expertise,  the Group will be able to accelerate
new product innovations to generate both trade and consumer
interest,  which allows us to introduce new products at high
price points,  positively impacting the Group's margins.  We
will also be able to optimally sequence our product launches
throughout the year,  to avoid cannibalistic launch dates within
our brand portfolio. 

Opportunities
Outlook 
Outlook
2006 is set to be another exciting year for adidas.  The
Reebok integration and the 2006 FIFA World Cup™ in our
home market Germany will be our main focus.  Supported
by our strong product pipeline and marketing initiativeswe are confident that we will again be able to deliver
strong top- and bottom-line performance this year.  Both
the global economy and the sporting goods industry
are forecasted to continue their solid growth shown in
2005,  although prospects differ regionally.  The first-time
consolidation of Reebok International Ltd.  will lead to a
strong double-digit sales increase in 2006.  However,  for
the adidas Group excluding Reebok we also expect a highsingle-digit currency-neutral sales increase.  The Group's
gross margin is expected to be in a range of between
44 and 46% (between 47 and 48% excluding Reebok).  The
Group's operating margin is expected to be around 9%
(between 10 and 105% excluding Reebok).  Net earnings
are expected to grow by double-digit rates. 

Global Economy Stays on Track
With a projected GDP growth rate of around 4% for 2006,  the
global economy is expected to continue to grow at a similar
level to 2005.  Regional discrepancies will remain however. 
While Europe is forecasted to develop somewhat more
strongly than in 2005,  economic growth in North America will
slow slightly in line with weaker consumer demand.  The outlook for Asia and Latin America remains strong. 
Growing Momentum in Europe
In Europe,  GDP is expected to increase by around 2%.  Western
Europe is projected to continue to benefit from momentum
gained at the end of 2005 from higher export levels.  Improving
investment activity,  increasing industrial production and
lower unemployment rates,  which support private consumption,  should sustain moderate economic expansion.  In Germany,  economic growth is expected to accelerate versus 2005. 
Compared to previous years,  domestic demand is forecasted
to improve due to increased consumer confidence and will
contribute about half of the projected growth of around 15%. 
The region's emerging markets will continue to develop more
strongly than the Western European economies,  although
growth rates will decrease modestly from 2005 levels of
around 5%. 

Industry Opportunities
Strategic Opportunities 
113

Consumer Demand in the USA Forecasted to Slow
In the USA,  economic growth is projected to reach approximately 3%,  which represents a slowdown versus the 2005
level.  Consumer demand,  which was the major driver of the
economic expansion in the recent past,  is expected to grow
less strongly due to an end of housing price inflation.  This
slowdown is likely to more than compensate for positive
effects from another strong increase of disposable income
due to low unemployment rates and higher wages.  The record
deficit in the region's trade balance will,  however,  continue to
be a considerable risk both for the American and the global
economy. 
Strong Economic Prospects in Asia
In Asia,  economic prospects remain strong.  Backed by the
solid global economy,  exports are expected to continue to
grow strongly.  The Japanese economy is likely to continue to
grow at a similar level to 2005.  A high propensity to consume
and a further increase in investments are expected to spur
domestic demand.  Exports are projected to grow solidly in
2006.  As a result,  the national economy is forecasted to grow
approximately 2%.  With an expected GDP growth of approximately 8%,  Asia excluding Japan is projected to grow at similar levels as in 2005.  In China,  steps taken by the government
to cool investment growth will show some effect.  Howeverwith a growth rate of more than 8%,  the Chinese market will
develop somewhat slower than in 2005,  but will continue to
give important impulses for the global economy as imports
increase in line with growing private consumption. 
Private Consumption and Exports Drive Growth in
Latin America
In Latin America,  the economy will continue to grow at
around 4%.  As in previous years,  private consumption as well
as buoyant exports will drive economic growth.  A number
of elections across the region,  however,  increase political
uncertainty and could potentially influence the economic
development. 

114
Largely Positive Outlook for Sporting Goods Industry
The global sporting goods industry is expected to grow solidly
in 2006.  In Europe in particular,  the sporting goods industry
will focus on the 2006 FIFA World Cup™ in the first six months
of the year.  Excitement around this event visible since the end
of 2005 will generate growth and will at least partly compensate for tough retail market conditions in Western Europe. 
The latter are likely to become more visible in the second
half of the year.  Especially in the UK,  the sporting goods
retail market remains very competitive and promotional.  As
 result,  we expect the European sporting goods market to
grow at low-single-digit rates in 2006.  The American sporting
goods market will continue to expand,  albeit at lower levels
than in 2005.  We expect mid-single-digit growth as a result
of the competitive retail landscape.  The polarization of the
market between European-inspired footwear and technologydriven performance products will remain.  In Asia,  the sporting
goods market is forecasted to continue its robust expansion
and grow at high-single-digit rates.  In Japan,  the sporting
goods market is expected to remain highly competitive.  Slight
growth is forecasted for footwear,  whereas apparel will be
stagnant.  The Chinese sporting goods market will continue
to expand,  albeit at slightly more moderate rates than in the
past two years.  The momentum of the Latin American sporting goods industry is projected to remain intact,  but import
duties and quotas increasingly limit cross-border transfer of
goods and force suppliers to produce locally.  Growth rates are
expected to be single-digit. 

Group Management Report 
adidas Group Sales to Exceed Economic and Industry
Growth Rates
Based on our innovative strength and operational excellencewe are confident that the Group's net sales increase will again
exceed growth rates of the overall economy and the sporting
goods sector in the respective regions in 2006.  Nonethelessthe low growth rates in Europe will continue to negatively impact the development of our sales,  albeit to a lesser extent
than in 2005. 
Football Category Dominates First Half of 2006 Product
Launches
The 2006 FIFA World Cup™ will dominate the product launch
schedule in the first half of 2006.  In the second half of the
year,  exciting new products will mainly be launched in other
categories such as basketball,  running,  women's and golf. 
These new products will be an important factor for our topline growth expectations in 2006. 
2006 FIFA World Cup™ as Sales Driver for Our Football
Category
We expect football to be the fastest-growing Sport Performance category in 2006.  adidas,  as an Official Partner of the
2006 FIFA World Cup™,  will benefit from this event in terms
of positive visibility of our brand but also in terms of additional
sales of adidas football products.  In addition,  new long-term
promotion partnerships with two of the most famous English
football clubs Chelsea FC and Liverpool FC,  both starting in
July 2006,  are expected to have a positive impact on sales
development in this category in the second half of the year.  As
 result,  we expect sales in our important football category
to strongly increase by around 20% to over € 1 billion in 2006
from more than € 900 million in 2005. 

2006 Product Launch Schedule
Product
2006 FIFA World Cup™ national team
jerseys away kit
+F50 TUNIT™ football boot
Stella McCartney's new women's
performance line
adidas1 basketball shoe
David Beckham +Predator®
Absolute football boot
ClimaCool® TechFit apparel line
Supernova™ running shoe with
Ground Control System™
Project Fusion running products
a3® running shoe
T-MAC 6 basketball shoe
r7® 460 metalwood
TaylorMade® Tour Preferred®
(TP) golf ball 
Brand 
Launch date 
adidas
adidas 
February
March 
adidas
adidas 
March/August
May 
adidas 
June 
adidas 
July 
adidas
adidas,  Polar
adidas
adidas
TaylorMade 
July
September
September
October
April 
TaylorMade 
April 
Outlook 
Own Retail as Important Growth Driver for Brand adidas
Own retail will continue to be an important topic for adidas in
2006.  We expect to open numerous new concept stores within
the next year and are also projecting a further increase in
comparable store sales.  We expect own-retail sales to grow
at double-digit rates in 2006.  As a result,  the percentage of
revenues coming from own retail will be higher than the 2005
level of 13% of brand adidas sales.  This expansion will allow
us to best showcase the breadth of our products to consumers in major markets as well as to capture new market potential in Eastern Europe and smaller Asian countries.  Major
openings for brand adidas include adidas Sport Performance
Centers in Asia and Europe's emerging markets as well as
new Sport Heritage Concept Stores in Hong Kong,  Amsterdam and Copenhagen. 

115

Strong Backlogs Support High-Single-Digit Sales Growth
Expectations for Brand adidas
Backlogs for the adidas brand at the end of 2005 increased
8% versus the prior year on a currency-neutral basis.  In euro
terms,  this represents an increase of 15%.  Footwear backlogs
grew 4% in currency-neutral terms (+11% in euros),  reflecting
improvements in many categories,  in particular Sport Performance football and Sport Heritage products.  Apparel backlogs grew 9% on a currency-neutral basis (+16% in euros)driven by improvements in the Sport Performance categories
football and basketball as well as in Sport Heritage.  Hardware backlogs,  which grew at double-digit rates mainly due to
improvements in the football category,  also contributed to the
positive development of adidas backlogs.  As a result of the
strong product pipeline outlined above,  our excellent order
book and vigorous growth expectations for our own-retail
activities,  we expect high-single-digit currency-neutral sales
growth for adidas in 2006.  Improvements are anticipated in
all major product categories and we expect this growth to
be largely driven by volume increases at wholesale as well
as through increasing own-retail activities.  As the orders
are placed by numerous retailers we currently do not expect
that any retailer will generate more than 5% of brand adidas
sales. 

Mid-Single-Digit Sales Growth Projected at TaylorMadeadidas Golf
At TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  we will continue to expand our
metalwood category in 2006,  which is the most important
category within our golf business.  This growth will mainly
be driven by new products such as the next generation of
r7® drivers,  the r7® 425 and r7® 460.  The irons category is also
expected to show outstanding performance in 2006,  due to the
revolutionary r7® XD and r7® CGB MAX irons,  which were successfully launched in the fourth quarter of 2005.  New product
extensions are also planned in the golf ball category,  where
we will establish a dual brand strategy.  TaylorMade will serve
as our premium golf ball platform,  backed by the launch of
the new TaylorMade® Tour Preferred® (TP) golf ball,  while
Maxfli® will be positioned as a top-value brand.  In additionour Clima concept will be further extended in both the adidas
Golf footwear and apparel categories.  Because of the different
order profile in golf compared to other parts of our businesswe do not provide order information for TaylorMade-adidas
Golf.  However,  based on trade show performance and ongoing dialog with customers,  we are confident that TaylorMadeadidas Golf sales will grow at mid-single-digit rates on a
currency-neutral basis in 2006. 

116

Group Management Report 
Development of adidas Order Backlogs by Product Category
and Region 1) in %

Europe
Footwear
Apparel
Total 
North
America 
Asia 
Total 

4


33
37
35

12
28
22

11
16
15

1) At year-end,  change year-over-year 
Currency-Neutral Development of adidas Order Backlogs by
Product Category and Region1) in %

Europe
Footwear
Apparel
Total 
North
America 
Asia 
Total 

2


15
19
17


18
13


9


1) At year-end,  change year-over-year 
Europe to Grow at Mid-Single-Digit Rates
On a regional basis,  we will continue to grow our top line
in Europe,  which remains our largest and most profitable
region.  This growth will be led by adidas,  with a strong driver
expected to be the adidas sponsored 2006 FIFA World Cup™
in Germany.  This event is likely to encourage increased adidas
brand exposure and sales in Europe during the first half of the
year.  Growth in Europe is expected to be generated particularly in the region's emerging markets as well as GermanyFrance and Italy.  adidas backlogs at year-end were up 3% on
 currency-neutral basis versus the prior year (+4% in euros). 
Increasing own-retail activities at brand adidas are also expected to be a sales driver in 2006.  For TaylorMade-adidas
Golf,  we expect sales in Europe to remain stable.  As a resultfor the adidas Group excluding Reebok,  we project currencyneutral sales to increase by mid-single-digit rates in 2006. 
Double-Digit Growth Rates to Continue in North America
The ongoing success of the adidas business in North
America is a top priority in 2006.  At brand adidas,  improving
relationships with retail partners,  continued fine-tuning of our
distribution strategy and increasing the own-retail presence
of brand adidas will be the pillars of this strategic initiative.  At
year-end,  adidas backlogs in the region increased 17% on a
currency-neutral basis (+35% in euros),  supported by growth
in both footwear and apparel.  North American currencyneutral sales will also grow for TaylorMade-adidas Golf.  As a
result,  we expect currency-neutral sales for the adidas Group
excluding Reebok to increase by double-digit rates in 2006. 

Double-Digit Growth in Asia Again in 2006
We are again targeting significant sales growth for brand
adidas in Asia in 2006,  mainly supported by strong increases
in China and Japan.  Revenue increases in Korea and Southeast Asia will also be drivers of this development.  Consequently,  adidas currency-neutral backlogs for the region
increased 13% (+22% in euros) at the end of 2005 despite
tough comparables with the prior year.  Strong growth in Asia
is also expected at TaylorMade-adidas Golf.  As a result,  we
expect currency-neutral sales for the adidas Group excluding
Reebok to again increase by double-digit rates in 2006. 
High-Single-Digit Growth Expected in Latin America
In Latin America,  currency-neutral growth is expected to
continue with improvements largely to be driven by higher
brand adidas sales in Brazil and Mexico,  where increases will
be spurred by new product and marketing initiatives as well
as sourcing and distribution optimization.  Although we do not
have formalized backlog figures for this region,  customer feedback at year-end points to solid growth in 2006.  TaylorMadeadidas Golf is also expected to grow vigorously,  albeit from
 small base.  As a result,  Latin American currency-neutral
sales for the adidas Group excluding Reebok are expected to
increase at high-single-digit rates in 2006. 

Outlook 
Group Gross Margin Remains at High Level
Important factors supporting our high gross margin at
brand adidas such as the increased proportion of own-retail
activities,  our improving product mix as well as ongoing
efficiency improvements in our supply chain are expected to
be partly offset by higher raw material prices due to the high
oil price as well as increasing labor costs.  As a result,  we
expect gross margin for brand adidas to increase only modestly in 2006.  The gross margin of TaylorMade-adidas Golf is
also projected to increase due to expected margin improvements in the metalwoods and irons categories as a result
of new product launches with higher gross margins,  as well
as the lower sourcing costs in the golf ball category resulting from the buy-out of our golf ball manufacturing contract
with Dunlop Slazenger in 2005.  However,  gross margin for
the adidas Group excluding Reebok is expected to decline
to a level of between 47 and 48%,  mainly as a result of our
cooperation agreement with Amer Sports Corporation.  Under
this agreement,  some adidas subsidiaries will continue to
generate marginal income by selling Salomon products at
gross margins lower than the Group average.  Further,  positive currency effects on the unhedged portion of our sourcing
costs,  enjoyed in 2005,  will not be repeated in 2006. 
Operating Margin Remains on a High Level
For brand adidas,  operating expenses as a percentage of sales
are expected to increase modestly due to higher marketing
expenditures related to the 2006 FIFA World Cup™ as well as
growing adidas own-retail activities.  As a result of increased
operating expenses more than offsetting the gross margin
improvement,  we expect the operating margin at brand adidas to decline modestly.  At TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  we project profitability to grow.  Improving gross margins will more
than compensate higher operating expenses as a percentage
of net sales resulting from increasing sales expenses and
marketing overhead costs to support expected future growth. 
Consequently,  we are projecting an operating margin of
between 10 and 105% for the adidas Group excluding Reebok
in 2006. 

adidas Group Excluding Reebok 2006 Targets
Sales growth
Gross margin
Operating margin
Net income growth 
high-single-digit
47 to 48%
10 to 105%
double-digit 
adidas Group 2006 Targets
Sales growth
Gross margin
Operating margin
Net income growth 
double-digit
44 to 46%
ca.  9%
double-digit 
117
Net Income for the adidas Group Excluding Reebok to Again
Grow at Double-Digit Rates
We expect double-digit growth in net earnings of the adidas
Group excluding Reebok for the fifth consecutive year.  Topline improvement combined with ongoing strong profitability
will be the primary driver of this positive development.  In addition,  the deconsolidation of the Salomon business segment
will have a positive impact on the Group's net income growth
as a result of the negative earnings contribution in 2005. 
Consequently,  we expect net earnings for the adidas Group
excluding Reebok to grow at double-digit rates versus the
2005 level of € 383 million. 
First-Time Consolidation of Reebok Business Impacts
2006 Results
We expect Reebok sales to reach around € 28 billion for
eleven months of 2006,  with consolidation starting on February 1,  2006.  This reflects a slight decline versus the prior year
due to lower sales in North America.  As a result of the firsttime inclusion of Reebok,  adidas Group revenues will grow at
high-double-digit rates in 2006.  Reebok's gross and operating margins are lower than the adidas Group's margins due
to the regional mix of their business.  As a result,  the gross
and operating margins for the adidas Group including Reebok
are expected to decline to between 44 and 46% and around
9%,  respectively.  As we expect Reebok's earnings to exceed
the additional interest expenses for the adidas Group related
to the Reebok acquisition and the negative one-time effects
resulting from the difference between the valuation of assets
versus the purchase price paid (purchase price allocation)we forecast the first-time consolidation of Reebok to have an
accretive impact on the Group's net earnings in 2006. 

118
Continued Supply Chain Improvements in Global Operations
In 2006,  we will continue our efforts to increase efficiency
throughout the Group's supply chain.  Beyond improving
performance levels in the creation and procurement of our
product offerings for the 2006 FIFA World Cup™ on,  we will
focus on two major themes in 2006: integration of Reebok
and building a World Class Supply Chain.  We will use the
integration of Reebok into our Group to sharpen our focus
on maximizing the buying leverage of all three brand segments across sourcing,  transportation and distribution.  We
will prepare for the implementation of our strategic supply
chain initiative,  based on clearly segmented business models
and service level differentiation.  From a sourcing perspective,  we will continue to diversify our sourcing portfolio across
all product types.  This will result in a gradual reduction of
reliance on China-sourced product.  Our overall plan is to
reduce the proportion of sourcing volume from China without capacity reductions or factory consolidation by increasing
capacities in other countries such as Indonesia,  Vietnam and
India. 

Group Management Report 
Reebok Acquisition and Own-Retail Activities Expected
to Drive Personnel Increases
In 2006,  we expect the number of personnel and personnel
expenses at the adidas Group to grow strongly due to the
acquisition of Reebok.  Personnel at the adidas Group excluding Reebok is expected to grow only modestly.  Own retail is
again expected to be the major area of increased personnel. 
Personnel expenses for the adidas Group excluding Reebok
are expected to grow in line with the number of newly hired
employees. 
R&D Spending to Remain Focused on Technological
Innovations
In 2006,  the Group will continue to spend around 1% of sales
on research and development associated with new products. 
Areas of particular focus include running,  basketball and football at the adidas and Reebok brands,  as well as golf hardware at TaylorMade-adidas Golf.  The number of employees
working in research and development throughout the Group
will increase significantly in 2006 as a result of the Reebok
acquisition. 
Improving Financial Leverage Through Significantly
Reduced Net Borrowings
After a net cash position of € 551 million at the end of 2005net borrowings from the first quarter of 2006 onwards will
increase significantly,  reflecting the financing of the € 32 billion acquisition of Reebok International Ltd.  As a result,  we
expect a net borrowings level of around € 25 billion at the
end of 2006.  However,  due to the strong free cash flow expected to be generated in the coming years,  we expect the Group's
financial leverage to be reduced significantly in the medium
term to a targeted financial leverage level below 50%. 

Total Dividend Payout Increases 10% Reflecting Additional
Shares
The Group has committed to keep its recommended longterm,  earnings-linked dividend payout ratio corridor of
between 15 and 25% of net income.  This was extended in
2005 from between 15 and 20%,  based on significant improvements we have made to the Group's financial health over the
last several years.  However,  in 2006,  we will propose to keep
the dividend payment stable at € 130 per share to reflect the
high priority of paying down debt associated with the Reebok
acquisition.  Due to the increased number of shares outstanding following our capital increase (see Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet /note 21),  the total dividend payout will
increase by 10% to € 66 million in 2006 from € 60 million in
the prior year. 

Outlook 
Medium-Term Investment Level Between € 300 Million and
€ 350 Million
In 2006,  investments in tangible and intangible assets of
between € 200 million and € 250 million within the adidas
Group excluding Reebok will be used primarily for ownretail expansion for brand adidas as well as the increased
deployment of SAP and other IT systems in major subsidiaries
within the Group.  The most important factors in determining
the exact level and timing of this investment will be the rate
at which we are able to successfully secure retail locations
and integrate new SAP systems within existing applications. 
Additional capital expenditure will be related to the further
expansion of the adidas Headquarters in HerzogenaurachGermany,  including the Adi Dassler Brand Center.  Capital
expenditure related to Reebok,  which is expected to be around
€ 100 million excluding extraordinary items,  will also have
an impact on the investment level in 2006.  In addition,  as a
result of the planned buyback of Reebok's major propertieswe expect additional expenditure of between € 150 million
and € 200 million in 2006.  In coming years,  we expect an ongoing investment level for the adidas Group including Reebok
of between € 300 million and € 350 million. 

Group Medium-Term Targets
Sales growth
Gross margin
Operating margin
Net income growth 
mid- to high-single-digit
46 to 48%
approx.  11%
double-digit 
119
Strong Medium-Term Outlook
We expect sales for the combined Group to increase at midto high-single-digit rates on an annual basis through to 2008
due to continued strength at adidas and TaylorMade as well as
 revitalization of the Reebok business segment.  The Group's
gross margin is expected to increase annually to a corridor
of between 46 and 48% in 2008,  reflecting positive effects
from cost synergies related to the integration of Reebok,  as
well as strongly increasing business activities of Reebok in
Asia and Europe,  which carry high gross margins.  The positive gross margin development will be driven by increases at
all brands,  mainly at Reebok.  In the medium term,  we expect
the Group's operating margin to exceed the Group's 2005 level
of 107%,  reaching a new record level of approximately 11%driven by all brands.  Efficiency gains related to the integration
of the Reebok business segment will play a major role in this
development.  Net income is expected to increase by doubledigit rates in each of the next three years as a result of our
continuing growth expectations,  further profitability improvements at all brands and efficiency gains resulting from the
integration of the Reebok business segment. 


120


 consummate professional and role model 
Andre Agassi combines his passion for life and 
... 
... 

sport with a sense of community. ...  Inspirational... 
... 
... 







financial 
analysis
121

Financial Analysis 
122
Executive Board Statement
The Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG is responsible for the compilation,  completeness
and accuracy of the Group's annual consolidated financial statements,  the description of the
economic development and the Group Management Report as well as the other information
presented in the annual report.  Pursuant to § 315a German Commercial Code (HGB),  the consolidated financial statements 2005 were prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). 
The Group Management Report additionally complies with the requirements of the German
Accounting Standard DRS 15. 
To ensure accuracy and reliability of the underlying information,  the content of the consolidated
financial statements is based on the information reported in accordance with Group-wide
guidelines which are consistent for all companies included in consolidation.  The integrity
of the reporting process and risk management systems is safeguarded by internal control
systems established under the direction of the Executive Board.  These control systems form
an essential part of our value-oriented management style.  As a consequence,  a true and fair
view of the Group's financial position,  results of operations and cash flows and its reporting
thereon is assured and the Executive Board is in a position to recognize potential investment
risks and negative developments at an early stage and take appropriate countermeasures. 
In accordance with the resolution adopted by the shareholders at the Annual General
Meeting in 2005,  KPMG Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft,  Frankfurt am Main,  was appointed by the Supervisory Board as
independent auditor to audit the financial statements and consolidated financial statements
and the management reports.  The Supervisory Board examined and discussed the financial
statements and consolidated financial statements,  including the management reports,  as well
as the audit reports at its meeting on the annual financial statements.  The results of these
reviews are described in the Supervisory Board Report. 
Herzogenaurach,  March 2006

…
Herbert Hainer … CEO and Chairman
…

…
Robin J.  Stalker … Chief Financial Officer
…

Executive Board Statement
Independent Auditor's Report 
123

Independent Auditor's Report
We have audited the consolidated financial statements prepared by adidas-Salomon AG comprising the balance sheet,  the income statement,  statement of changes in equity,  cash flow
statement and the notes to the consolidated financial statements together with the Group
Management Report for the business year from January 1,  2005 to December 31,  2005.  The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements and the Group Management Report in
accordance with IFRS,  as adopted by the EU,  and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to § 315a section 1 are the responsibility of the parent company's Management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements
and on the Group Management Report based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with § 317 HGB
(Handelsgesetzbuch 'German Commercial Code") and German generally accepted standards
for the audit of financial statements promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW). 
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit such that misstatements materially affecting the presentation of the net assets,  financial position and results of operations
in the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the applicable financial reporting
framework and in the Group Management Report are detected with reasonable assurance. 
Knowledge of the business activities and the economic and legal environment of the Group
and expectations as to possible misstatements are taken into account in the determination of
audit procedures.  The effectiveness of the accounting-related internal control system and the
evidence supporting the disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and the Group
Management Report are examined primarily on a test basis within the framework of the audit. 
The audit includes assessing the annual financial statements of those entities included in
consolidation,  the determination of entities to be included in consolidation,  the accounting
and consolidation principles used and significant estimates made by Management,  as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements and Group
Management Report.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Our audit has not led to any reservations. 
In our opinion,  based on the findings of our audit,  the consolidated financial statements comply
with IFRS,  as adopted by the EU,  and the additional requirements of German commercial law
pursuant to § 315a section 1 HGB and give a true and fair view of the net assets,  financial position and results of operations of the Group in accordance with these requirements.  The Group
Management Report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements and as a whole
provides a suitable view of the Group's position and suitably presents the opportunities and
risks of future development. 
Frankfurt am Main,  February 17,  2006
KPMG Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft
Aktiengesellschaft
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
…
Dr.  Erle … German Public Auditor
…

…
Gebele … German Public Auditor
…

124

Financial Analysis 
Consolidated Balance Sheet € in thousands 
(Note)
Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term financial assets
Accounts receivable
Inventories
Other current assets
Total current assets
Property,  plant and equipment,  net
Goodwill,  net
Other intangible assets,  net
Long-term financial assets
Deferred tax assets
Other non-current assets
Total non-current assets 
195997
258950
1046322
1155374
378303
3034946

6780
(765)
(78)
65
549
439

(10)
(11)
(12)
(13)
(27)
(14)

424354
436312
91241
114270
195211
122234
1383622

367928
572426
96312
93134
166539
102599
1398938

153
(238)
(53)
227
172
191
(11)

5750241

4433884

297

–
684077
282736
633695
189906
1790414

185837
591689
167334
558121
195884
1698865

(1000)
156
690
135
(31)
54

1035115
147925
42185
22289
1247514

933949
128676
77915
30784
1171324

108
150
(459)
(276)
65

129950
700004
1853883
2683837
28476
2712313

117399
(104905)
1531403
1543897
19798
1563695

107
7673
211
738
438
735

5750241

4433884

297

(15)

Long-term borrowings
Pensions and similar obligations
Deferred tax liabilities
Other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities 
(15)
(18)
(27)
(19)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
1) Restated due to application of IAS 32/IAS 39 and amendment to IAS 19 (see notes 20,  15 and 2,  respectively)

Change
in %

1524916
60949
964814
1230003
585937
4366619

Short-term borrowings
Accounts payable
Income taxes
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities 
Total liabilities and equity 
Dec.  31
2004 1)

(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
(9)

Total assets 
Share capital
Reserves
Retained earnings
Shareholders' equity
Minority interests
Total equity 
Dec.  31
2005

(27)
(16)
(17)

(21)
(20)

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

Consolidated Balance Sheet
Consolidated Income Statement 
125

Consolidated Income Statement 1) € in thousands 
(Note)
Net sales
Cost of sales
Gross profit
(% of net sales)
Royalty and commission income
Selling,  general and administrative expenses
(% of net sales)
Depreciation and amortization (excl.  goodwill)
Goodwill amortization
Operating profit
(% of net sales)
Financial income
Financial expenses
Income before taxes
(% of net sales)
Income taxes
(% of income before taxes)
Net income from continuing operations
(% of net sales)
Income from discontinued operations,  net of tax
Net income
(% of net sales)
Net income attributable to shareholders
(% of net sales)
Net income attributable to minority interests 
(24)
(101224)
(11)

(26)
(26)

(27)

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2005
6635631
3438559
3197072
482%
47207
2425291
365%
111526
–
707462
107%
41588
93727
655323
99%
220922
337%
434401
65%
(43953)
390448
59%
382744
58%
7704

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2004 2)

Change 
5860008
3046606
2813402
480%
42458
2140926
365%
94744
35906
584284
100%
17951
76466
525769
90%
193200
367%
332569
57%
(11356)
321213
55%
314248
54%
6965

132%
129%
136%
02pp
112%
133%
00pp
177%
(1000%)
211%
07pp
1310%
224%
246%
09pp
143%
(30pp)
306%
09pp
2871%
216%
04pp
218%
04pp
106%

Basic earnings per share from continuing operations (in €)
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (in €)

(28)
(28)

913
860

713
677

280%
271%

Basic earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations (in €)
Diluted earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations (in €)

(28)
(28)

819
773

688
654

190%
183%

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon business segment. 
2) 2004 figures have been adjusted to reflect the changes in IFRS and application of IAS 32 (see notes 20 and 2,  respectively). 

126

Financial Analysis 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows € in thousands 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2005

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2004

Operating activities:
Income before taxes
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortization (incl.  goodwill)
Unrealized foreign exchange (gains)/losses,  net
Interest income
Interest expense
Losses on sale of property,  plant and equipment,  net
Operating profit before working capital changes
Increase in receivables and other current assets
Increase in inventories
Increase in accounts payable and other current liabilities
Cash provided by operations
Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by continuing operating activities
Net cash (used in)/provided by discontinued operating activities
Net cash provided by total operating activities 
655323

525769

128485
(60546)
(36431)
73769
2736
763336
(303485)
(141552)
288540
606839
(67583)
(159403)
379853
(27794)
352059

118768
51618
(13310)
70564
1705
755114
(130401)
(83499)
255792
797006
(64961)
(198925)
533120
45075
578195

Investing activities:
Purchase of goodwill and other intangible assets,  net
Purchase of property,  plant and equipment
Proceeds from the sale of property,  plant and equipment
Acquisition of subsidiaries net of cash acquired
Disposal of discontinued operations net of cash
Decrease/(Increase) in short-term financial assets
Increase in investments and other long-term assets
Interest received
Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 
(20574)
(187510)
13741

449642
200637
(53124)
36787
439599

(43148)
(116763)
960
(9809)

(168357)
(41634)
13908
(364843)

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
127

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows € in thousands 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2005
Financing activities:
Increase/(Decrease) in long-term borrowings
Proceeds from issue of share capital
Dividend of adidas-Salomon AG
Dividends to minority shareholders
Exercised share options
Other financial liabilities
(Decrease)/Increase in short-term borrowings
Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rates on cash
Increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and cash equivalents at year-end
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements (see note 30). 

105658
638897
(59617)
(2590)
19690
(1849)
(185837)
514352

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2004

(367078)

(45454)
(4085)
28517
(3022)
185848
(205274)

22909

(1584)

1328919
195997
1524916

6494
189503
195997

Financial Analysis 
128
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity € in thousands 
Balance at December 31,  2003
Reclassifications of minorities in accordance
with IAS 32
Change in accounting for convertible bond
according to IAS 32/IAS 39
Effect of change in accounting of actuarial
gains/losses,  net of tax 
128433

Cumulative
translation
adjustments
(113507)

Other
Hedging comprehensive
reserve
income 
(20)
(15)

Minority
interests 
Total
equity 
1355790

56579

1412369

(2355)

(9816)

(12171)

(71104)

(71104)

(18)

Restated balance at January 1,  2004

Total
shareholders'
equity 
1265109

(40607)

Retained
earnings 
(2355)

Capital
reserve 
116362

(Note)

Share
capital 
(3378)

(3378)
(113507)

(40607)

(3378)

Net income recognized directly in equity
Net income 
(19675)

(4974)

(7573)

Total recognized income and expense for the period 
(19675)

Dividend payment
Exercised share options
Acquisition of shares from minority shareholders
Exclusion from consolidation
Reclassifications of minorities in accordance
with IAS 32

116362

(4974)

(7573)

1262754

1278953

46763

1325716

(32222)
314248

1216
6965

(31006)
321213

314248

282026

8181

290207

(45454)

(45454)
28517
–
–

(4085)

(49539)
28517
(30181)
(880)

27480

(20)

(30181)
(880)

(145)
(45581)

(10951)

Net income recognized directly in equity
Net income 
75422

91668

75422

19798

1563695

158873
382744

3902
7704

162775
390448

382744

541617

11606

553223

(59617)
19690
638897
–

(2590)

(46)

(62207)
19690
638897
(46)

(647)

(292)

(939)

1853883

2683837

28476

2712313

(8217)

Total recognized income and expense for the period 
1543897

(647)

(133182)

(21)
(32)
(21)

951
11600

84809

1531403

(59617)

117399

(145)

382744

Balance at December 31,  2004

Dividend payment
Exercised share options
Issued share capital
Acquisition of shares from minority shareholders
Reclassifications of minorities in accordance
with IAS 32

(3378)

314248

1037

57329

(71104)

91668

(8217)

18739
627297

(20)

Balance at December 31,  2005
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

129950

730845

(57760)

46087

(19168)

(145)

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Statement of Recognized Income and Expense 
129

Consolidated Statement of Recognized Income and Expense € in thousands 
Dec.  31
2005

Dec.  31
2004

95336
(3668)
(8554)
337
79324
162775

(5522)
570
(7573)
–
(18481)
(31006)

Income after taxes 
390448

321213

Total income and expense recognized in the financial statements 
553223

290207

Attributable to shareholders of adidas-Salomon AG
Attributable to minority interests 
541617
11606

282026
8181

–
–

(3378)
–

(Note)
Net gain on cash flow hedges,  net of tax
Net loss on net investments in foreign subsidiaries,  net of tax
Actuarial losses of defined benefit plans,  net of tax
Expenses recognized for share option plans,  net of tax
Currency translation
Net income recognized directly in equity 
Effects of changes in accounting policy
Shareholders of adidas-Salomon AG
Minority interests
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

(23)
(18)
(32)

Financial Analysis 
130
Statement of Movements of Fixed Assets € in thousands 
Goodwill 
Software,  patentstrademarks and
concessions 
Acquisition cost
December 31,  2003
Currency effect
Additions
Changes in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  2004
Netting goodwill amortization
Currency effect
Additions
Changes in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  2005

861142
(1713)
28694
–
–
–
888124
(315698)
2590
–
(138703)
–
–
436312

228930
(4979)
27643
(834)
2543
(14307)
238995
–
11619
26527
(14278)
2157
(7901)
257119

1090072
(6692)
56337
(834)
2543
(14307)
1127119
(315698)
14209
26527
(152981)
2157
(7901)
693432

271244
(5656)
11343
8419
7361
(1850)
290861
–
14323
17361
(41797)
22070
(5306)
297514

143731
(2330)
10554
1047
8289
(8743)
152547
–
5822
12793
(86188)
6789
(8869)
82894

Accumulated depreciation/amortization
December 31,  2003
Currency effect
Additions
Write-ups
Changes in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  2004
Netting goodwill amortization
Currency effect
Additions
Write-ups
Changes in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  2005

270097
(705)
46352
–
–
(47)
–
315698
(315698)
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

125133
(1971)
32864
–
(584)
76
(12834)
142684
–
4408
34830
–
(11329)
85
(4801)
165878

395230
(2676)
79216
–
(584)
30
(12834)
458382
(315698)
4408
34830
–
(11329)
85
(4801)
165878

78012
(949)
15440
–
7812
(26)
(1204)
99085
–
2740
18380
–
(18957)
1668
(4324)
98591

101865
(2064)
16787
–
(3)
440
(8316)
108708
–
4704
15119
–
(66605)
(921)
(7896)
53109

Net carrying amount
December 31,  2003
December 31,  2004
December 31,  2005

591045
572426
436312

103797
96312
91241

694842
668737
527553

193232
191777
198923

41866
43839
29785

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 

Total
intangible
assets 
Land and
buildings 
Technical
equipment
and machinery 
Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

Other equipmentfurniture and
fittings 
Construction
in progress 
305493
(7823)
59988
3156
11911
(16727)
355998
–
23764
80586
(7467)
20908
(30324)
443466

12058
(568)
36283
–
(30103)
(705)
16965
–
1368
76770
(2811)
(51925)
(823)
39544

208095
(7080)
50975
–
3588
(444)
(14485)
240651
–
16845
59471
–
(3905)
(832)
(24866)
287364

–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

97398
115348
156102

12058
16965
39544

Total
tangible
assets 
Statement of Movements of Fixed Assets 
131

Shares in
affiliated
companies 
Participations 
Other
financial
assets 
732526
(16376)
118168
12622
(2543)
(28025)
816371
–
45277
187510
(138262)
(2157)
(45321)
863418

2477
–
–
–
–
(19)
2458
–
–
–
(2458)
–
–
–

77075
(2)
(29)
–
–
(16)
77028
–
–
–
–
–
(2)
77026

8909
(550)
7258
–
–
(1948)
13669
–
1153
38933
(162)
–
(1189)
52404

88461
(552)
7228
–
–
(1983)
93155
–
1153
38933
(2620)
–
(1191)
129430

387972
(10093)
83202
–
11397
(30)
(24006)
448443
–
24289
92970
–
(89467)
(85)
(37086)
439064

–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–

26
–
–
–
–
–
(16)

–
–
–
–
–
–
–


27
–
–
(16)
–
–
–
12
–

15320
(113)
(2)
–
(67)
15150

53
–
–
(16)
–
–
(16)
21
–

15320
(113)
(2)
–
(67)
15159

2477
2458
–

77049
77018
77017

8882
13657
37254

344554
367928
424354

Total
financial
assets 
88408
93134
114270

132

Financial Analysis 
Notes 
As of January 1,  2006,  the Company will adopt the amendments to IAS 39.  It is believed that
this standard will not have a material impact on the Company's financial position,  results of
operations or cash flows.  All other amendments and new IFRS standards effective from January 1,  2006,  are not relevant to the Group's operations.  The Group is currently analyzing the
potential impacts of new and revised standards that will be effective for financial years after
December 31,  2006. 

adidas-Salomon AG,  a listed German stock corporation,  and its subsidiaries design,  developproduce and market a broad range of athletic and sports lifestyle products.  The Group's headquarters are located in Herzogenaurach,  Germany.  The adidas Group has divided its operating activities by major brands into two segments: adidas and TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  as the
Salomon business segment was divested in the fourth quarter of 2005. 
adidas branded products include footwear,  apparel and hardware,  such as bags and balls.  The
products are designed and developed by adidas and are almost exclusively manufactured by
subcontractors on behalf of adidas. 
TaylorMade develops and assembles or manufactures high-quality golf clubs,  balls and accessories.  adidas Golf branded products include footwear,  apparel and accessories.  Maxfli is
specialized in golf balls and golf accessories. 
…
 … General
…
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of adidas-Salomon AG (in the following
also the 'Company") and its subsidiaries (collectively the 'adidas Group" or the 'Group") are
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by
the EU.  The Group applied all International Financial Reporting Standards and Interpretations
of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee effective as at December
31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively. 
As of January 1,  2005,  the new and revised standards IFRS 3 (issued 2004) 'Business Combinations",  IAS 36 (revised 2004) 'Impairment of Assets" and IAS 38 (revised 2004) 'Intangible
Assets" were also adopted for all goodwill arising from acquisitions before March 31,  2004.  The
adoption of these standards impacted the Group's financial position as goodwill is no longer
amortized and instead is tested for impairment annually and additionally when there are indications of potential impairment. 
Additionally,  the Group adopted the revised IAS standards resulting from the Improvement
Project,  revised standard IAS 39,  new standard IFRS 2 'Share-Based Payment",  amendment
to IAS 32 'Financial Instruments: Disclosure and Presentation" and the amendment to IAS 19
'Employee Benefits" (issued 2004).  Due to the retrospective application of the amendment to
IAS 39 and IAS 32,  the liability and equity split of the convertible bond has changed.  Application
of the other standards had no material impact on the Group's financial position in 2005. 
Due to the divestiture of the Salomon business segment in October 2005,  the Group applied
the new standard IFRS 5 'Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations". 
This standard had no impact on the prior year financial statements other than a change in the
presentation of the results and cash flows of discontinued operations. 

The consolidated financial statements are presented in euros and values are rounded to the
nearest thousand or million. 
Key Assumptions Concerning the Future
Estimations about the key assumptions concerning the future of the adidas Group are provided
within the Outlook. 
German Statutory Reporting
The Company prepares consolidated financial statements under IFRS accounting principles in
accordance with § 315a of the German Commercial Code (HGB). 
…
 … Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
…
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with the consolidationaccounting and valuation principles described below. 
Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of adidas-Salomon AG and its
direct and indirect subsidiaries,  which are prepared in accordance with uniform accounting
principles. 
 company is a subsidiary if adidas-Salomon AG directly or indirectly controls the financial and
operating policies of the respective enterprise. 
The number of consolidated companies evolved as follows for the years ending December 312005 and 2004,  respectively:
Number of Consolidated Companies 
2005
January 1
Newly founded/consolidated companies
Divestments/exclusion from consolidation
Merged companies
Purchased companies
December 31

107

(18)
–
–
94

2004
111

(6)
(1)

107

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

All subsidiaries have been included in the consolidated financial statements in 2005.  In 2004three subsidiaries were not included,  since they had little or no active business and were insignificant to the Group's financial position,  results of operations and cash flows.  The shares in
these companies were accounted at cost. 
The first-time consolidation of the newly founded companies did not have any material impact
in 2005. 
 schedule of the shareholdings of adidas-Salomon AG is shown in Attachment I to these
notes.  A collective listing of these shareholdings in accordance with § 313 section 4 of the German Commercial Code will be filed with the Commercial Register at the Local Court in Fürth
(Bavaria). 
Within the scope of the first-time consolidation,  all acquired assets and liabilities are entered
in the balance sheet at fair value.  A debit difference between the book value and the proportionate fair value of the assets and liabilities is shown as goodwill.  A credit difference is
recorded in the income statement. 
All significant intercompany transactions and balances,  and any unrealized gains and losses
arising from intercompany transactions are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial
statements. 
Currency Translation
Assets and liabilities of the Group's non-euro functional currency subsidiaries are translated
into euro at closing exchange rates at the balance sheet date.  Revenues and expenses are
translated at a rate that approximates the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions,  in
general the average exchange rates for the year.  All cumulative differences from the translation of equity of foreign subsidiaries resulting from changes in exchange rates are included in
 separate item within shareholders' equity without affecting income. 
In the individual financial statements of Group companies,  monetary items denominated in
 non-euro currency are generally measured at closing exchange rates at the balance sheet
date.  The resulting currency gains and losses are recorded directly in income. 
 summary of exchange rates to euro for major currencies in which the Group operates is as
follows:
Exchange Rates € 1 equals
Average rate for the year
ending December 31
2005
2004
USD
GBP
JPY

12453
06839
13691

12434
06785
13441

2005

Spot rate
at Dec.  31
2004

11797
06853
13890

13621
07051
13965

Notes 
133

Derivative Financial Instruments
The Group uses derivative financial instruments,  such as interest and currency options,  forward contracts,  as well as interest rate swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps to hedge
its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks.  In accordance with its treasury policythe Group does not hold any derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. 
Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized in the balance sheet at cost and subsequently measured at their fair value.  The method of recognizing the resulting gain or loss is
dependent on the nature of the item being hedged.  On the date a derivative contract is entered
into,  the Group designates certain derivatives as either a hedge of a forecasted transaction
(cash flow hedge),  a hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or liability (fair value hedge)
or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign entity. 
Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedgesand that are 100% effective,  as defined in IAS 39,  are recognized in equity.  Insofar as the effectiveness is not 100%,  the changes in fair value are recognized in net income.  Cumulated gains
and losses in equity are transferred to the income statement in the same periods during which
the hedged forecasted transaction affects the income statement. 
For derivative instruments designated as a fair value hedge,  the gain or loss on the derivative
and the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item are recognized immediately in net income. 
Certain derivative transactions,  while providing effective economic hedges under the Group's
risk management policies,  do not qualify for hedge accounting under the specific rules of
IAS 39.  Changes in the fair values of any derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge
accounting under IAS 39 are recognized immediately in the income statement. 
Hedges of net investments in foreign entities are accounted for similarly to cash flow hedges. 
If the hedging instrument is a derivative (e.g.  a forward contract) or,  for example,  a foreign
currency borrowing,  effective currency gains and losses in the derivative and all gains and
losses arising on the translation of the borrowing,  respectively,  are recognized in equity. 
The Group documents the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items at the
inception of the transaction,  as well as the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions.  This process includes linking all derivatives designated as
hedges to specific forecasted transactions.  The Group also documents its assessment whether
the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes
in cash flows of hedged items. 
The fair values of forward contracts and currency options are determined on the basis of the
market conditions on the reporting dates.  The fair value of a currency option is determined using generally accepted models to calculate option prices.  The fair market value of an option is
influenced not only by the remaining term of the option but also by further determining factorssuch as the actual foreign exchange rate and the volatility of the underlying foreign currency
base.  The fair values of interest rate options on the reporting date are assessed by generally
accepted models,  such as the 'Markov functional model". 

134

Financial Analysis 
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents represent cash and short-term bank deposits with maturities of
three months and less. 

Impairment
In the event that facts and circumstances indicate that the costs of long-lived assets are impaired,  an evaluation of recoverability is performed.  An impairment loss is recognized in the
income statement if the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount. 

Receivables
Receivables are stated at nominal amounts net of impairment losses arising from allowances
for doubtful accounts.  These allowances are determined on the basis of individual risk assessment and past experience of losses. 
Inventories
Merchandise and finished goods are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value.  Costs
are determined using a standard valuation method which approximates the first-in,  first-out
method or the average cost method.  Costs of finished goods include cost of raw materials,  direct labor and manufacturing overheads.  The lower of cost or net realizable value allowances
are computed consistently throughout the Group based on the age and expected future sales
of the items on hand. 

Finance Leases
If under a lease agreement substantially all risks and rewards associated with an asset are
transferred to the Group,  the asset less accumulated depreciation and the corresponding
liability are recognized at the fair value of the asset or the lower net present value of the minimum lease payments. 
Identifiable Intangible Assets
Acquired intangible assets are valued at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment
losses.  Amortization is calculated on a straight-line basis with the following useful lives:
Useful Lives of Identifiable Intangible Assets 
Land Held-for-Sale
Land held-for-sale is measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. 

Years 
Property,  Plant and Equipment
Property,  plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.  Depreciation
is computed by the straight-line method,  except where the declining-balance method is more
appropriate in light of the actual utilization pattern.  Useful lives are as follows:

 10
3–5

Intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested annually for impairment. 

Useful Lives of Property,  Plant and Equipment 
Years
Buildings
Leasehold improvements
Equipment,  machinery and furniture and fittings 
Patents,  trademarks and concessions
Software 
10–50
5–20
2–10

Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred.  Significant renewals and
improvements are capitalized and depreciated separately. 

Expenditures for internally generated intangible assets are generally expensed as incurred
since they do not qualify for recognition. 
Goodwill
Acquired goodwill is valued at cost less accumulated impairment losses.  From January 1,  2005scheduled amortization of goodwill was ceased and goodwill is tested annually for impairmentand additionally when there are indications of potential impairment. 
Goodwill is the excess of the purchase cost over the fair value of the identifiable assets and
liabilities acquired.  Goodwill arising from the acquisition of a foreign entity and any fair value
adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities of that foreign entity are treated
as assets of the reporting entity and are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the date of
the initial consolidation. 

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

Goodwill has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to five cash-generating units
at the end of 2005.  The Group's cash-generating units are identified according to brand and
region of operations in line with the internal management approach.  The adidas Group has
thus defined the four regions in the adidas segment (adidas Region Europe,  North AmericaAsia and Latin America) as well as the segment TaylorMade-adidas Golf as the relevant cashgenerating units. 
The carrying amounts of goodwill are allocated to the cash-generating units as follows:

135

An impairment loss for a cash-generating unit is allocated first by writing down goodwill,  then
prorating to other assets in the cash-generating unit.  Reversal of impairments is recognizedwith the exception of impairment of goodwill. 
The goodwill for Salomon was sold in connection with the divestiture of the Salomon business
segment. 
Research and Development
Research costs are expensed as incurred.  Development costs are also expensed as incurred
and are not capitalized due to the short product life cycle of sporting goods. 

Allocation of Goodwill € in millions 
Dec.  31
2005
adidas Region Europe
adidas Region North America
adidas Region Asia
adidas Region Latin America
Salomon
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
Total goodwill 
Notes 
Dec.  31
2004

117
21
12

–
286
436

117
21
12

138
284
572

In 2005,  the adidas Group determined that there is no impairment of any of its cash-generating
units containing goodwill with indefinite useful lives. 
The recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit is determined on the basis of the greater of
net selling and value in use.  These calculations use cash flow projections based on the next
year's detailed financial budget and financial planning covering a five-year period in total.  Cash
flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using steady growth rates of around 2%. 
The growth rates do not exceed the long-term average growth rate of the business in which
each cash-generating unit operates. 
The discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of capital calculation considering the
debt/equity structure and financing costs of the major competitors of each cash-generating
unit.  The discount rates used are after-tax rates and reflect specific equity and country risk of
the relevant cash-generating unit.  The applied discount rates for the specific cash-generating
unit are between 75% and 86%. 

The Group spent approximately € 63 million and € 59 million on product research and development for the years ending December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively. 
Investments
All purchases and sales of investments are recognized on the trade date.  Costs of purchases
include transaction costs.  If the fair value of available-for-sale investments can be measured
reliably,  they are subsequently carried at fair value.  Realized and unrealized gains and losses
arising from changes in the fair value of these investments are included in the income statement of the period in which they arise.  Equity securities for which fair values cannot be measured reliably are recognized at cost less impairment. 
Borrowings
Borrowings are recognized initially at the loan amounts received,  net of transaction costs incurred.  In subsequent periods,  long-term borrowings are stated at amortized cost using the
effective interest method.  Any difference between proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the
redemption value is recognized in the income statement over the terms of the borrowings. 
The fair value of the liability component of the convertible bond is determined using a market
interest rate for a comparable straight bond; this amount is presented under long-term borrowings on an amortized cost basis until conversion or maturity of the bond.  The remaining
portion is included in shareholders' equity; the value of the equity component is not changed
in subsequent periods. 
Other Liabilities
Other liabilities are recorded at their settlement amount. 
Provisions
Provisions are recognized where a present legal or constructive obligation has been incurred which is likely to lead to an outflow of resources which can be reasonably estimated. 
Non-current provisions are discounted if the effect of discounting is material. 

136

Financial Analysis 
Pensions and Similar Obligations
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations comprise the provision obligation of the Group
under defined benefit and contribution plans.  The obligation under defined benefit plans is
determined using the projected unit credit method in accordance with IAS 19. 

Equity Compensation Benefits
Stock options have been granted to members of the Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG
as well as to the managing directors/senior vice presidents of its affiliated companies and
to further senior executives of the Group in connection with the Management Share Option
Plan (MSOP) of adidas-Salomon AG.  The Company has the choice to settle a possible obligation by issuing new shares or providing the equivalent cash compensation.  When options are
exercised and the Company decides to issue new shares,  the proceeds received net of any
transaction costs are credited to share capital and capital surplus.  In the past,  the Company
has chosen to issue new shares.  It is planned to maintain this choice in future. 

As of January 1,  2005,  due to application of the amendment to IAS 19 'Employee Benefits"
issued in December 2004,  the Group recognizes actuarial gains or losses of defined benefit
plans arising during the financial year immediately outside the profit and loss account in 'other
comprehensive income" within equity as shown in the statement of recognized income and
expense.  The prior year figures have been restated accordingly,  however net income was not
changed as it was not necessary to recognize actuarial gains or losses pursuant to the corridor
approach of IAS 19 in 2004. 
Recognition of Revenues
Sales are recorded net of returns,  discounts,  allowances and sales taxes when title passes
based on the terms of the sale. 

In accordance with IFRS 2 an expense and a corresponding entry to equity for equity-settled
share options and an expense and a liability for cash-settled share options is recorded. 
The Group has applied IFRS 2 retrospectively and has taken advantage of the transitional provisions of IFRS 2 in respect of equity-settled awards.  As a result,  the Group has applied IFRS
 only to equity-settled awards granted after November 7,  2002,  that had not yet vested on
January 1,  2005. 

Royalty and commission income is recorded based on the terms of the contracts. 
Advertising and Promotional Expenditures
Production costs for media campaigns are shown under prepaid expenses until the advertising
takes place for the first time,  after which they are expensed in full.  Significant media buying
costs (e.g.  broadcasting fees) are expensed over the original duration of the campaign on a
straight-line basis. 
Promotional expenses,  including one-time up-front payments for promotional contracts,  are
expensed pro rata over the term of the agreement. 
Interest
Interest is recognized as an income or expense as incurred and is not capitalized. 
Income Taxes
Current income taxes are computed in accordance with the rules for taxation established in the
countries in which the Group operates. 
The Group computes deferred taxes for all temporary differences between the carrying amount
and the tax basis of its assets and liabilities and tax loss carryforwards. 
Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards
which exceed taxable temporary differences are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that the company concerned will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the associated benefit. 
Income tax is recognized in the income statement except to the extent that it relates to items
recognized directly in equity,  in which case it is recognized in equity. 

Minority Interests
This line item within equity comprises the shares of third parties in the equity of a number of
companies included in consolidation. 
In accordance with IAS 32,  the fair value of minority interests in limited partnerships and companies where put options exist is shown within other liabilities. 
Estimation Uncertainty
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of assumptions and estimates that affect reported amounts and related disclosures.  Although such estimates are based on Management's best knowledge of current events and actions,  actual
results may ultimately differ from these estimates. 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty
at the balance sheet date that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are outlined in the
respective note. 

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

…
 … Discontinued Operations
…
On May 2,  2005,  the Group announced the planned divestiture of the Salomon business segment to Amer Sports Corporation.  The transaction was formally completed on October 192005,  with effect from September 30,  2005.  The final purchase price debt free was € 497 million.  A first payment of € 460 million was received in October 2005.  The remaining amount is
expected to be received in the first quarter of 2006. 
The Salomon business segment includes the related subsidiaries and brands Salomon,  MavicBonfire,  Arc'Teryx and Cliché.  Related subsidiaries are Salomon S. A.  (France) and its direct
shareholdings Salomon Österreich GmbH (Austria),  Salomon Österreich GmbH Station Sölden
OHG (Austria),  Salomon Schweiz A. G.  (Switzerland),  Cliché S. A. S.  (France),  Salomon Italia
S, p. A.  (Italy),  Salomon San Giorgio S, p. A.  (Italy),  Salomon Norge A/S (Norway),  Salomon Nordic
AB (Sweden),  Salomon Sport Finland Oy (Finland),  Salomon Romania Srl (Romania) and Salomon Canada Sports Ltd.  (Canada),  as well as Arc'Teryx Equipment,  Inc.  (Canada),  Salomon
Denmark ApS (Denmark),  Mavic Inc.  (USA),  Salomon North America,  Inc.  (USA) and Bonfire
Snowboarding,  Inc.  (USA). 
Analysis of the Result of Discontinued Operations € in millions 
Dec.  31
2005
Net sales
Expenses
Income from discontinued operations before taxes
Income taxes
Income from discontinued operations after taxes
Gain/(loss) recognized on the measurement to fair value less cost to sell
Income taxes
Gain/(loss) recognized on the measurement to fair value less cost to sell,  net of tax
Income from discontinued operations,  net of tax
Basic earnings per share from discontinued operations (€)
Diluted earnings per share from discontinued operations (€)

360
382
(22)
(2)
(20)
(14)
10
(24)
(44)
(094)
(086)

Dec.  31
2004
618
626
(8)

(11)
–
–
–
(11)
(025)
(023)

Notes 
137

…
 … Acquisition/Disposal of Subsidiaries
…
In 2005,  the adidas Group acquired no subsidiaries.  In June 2005,  the Group assumed full ownership of Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Ltd.  (formerly Salomon & Taylor Made Co.,  Ltd. ),  Tokyo (Japan)as the remaining shares (013%) were cancelled. 
Effective March 26,  2004,  the Group assumed full ownership of its subsidiary in Turkey,  adidas
Spor Malzemeleri Satis ve Pazarlama A. S.,  Istanbul,  by purchasing the remaining 49% of
shares from Esem Spor Giyim Sanayi ve Ticaret A. S.,  a listed Turkish trading company,  for an
amount of € 10 million. 
In 2004,  in the course of a tender offer for all remaining outstanding common shares of
Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Ltd.  (formerly Salomon & Taylor Made Co.,  Ltd. ),  Tokyo (Japan),  the
Group purchased 3127361 shares for an amount of € 29 million.  This increased the Group's
ownership in Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Ltd.  to 993% of common stock from 792% prior to the offer. 
Settlement for tenders received took place on May 20,  2004.  In the course of the second half of
2004,  ownership increased to 9987% for an amount of € 1 million.  The additional contribution
to the Group's net income for the period from May to December 2004 was € 25 million. 
Additionally,  the adidas Group assumed control of Valley Apparel Company (renamed to adidas
Team Inc. ),  Cedar Rapids,  Iowa (USA),  its long-standing licensee for adidas products,  by acquiring 100% of the shares for an amount of € 5 million,  effective June 4,  2004.  Valley Apparel
is a producer and distributor of collegiate and professional league apparel and accessories. 
The subsidiary contributed net losses of € 03 million to the Group for the period from June to
December 2004. 
Effective June 30,  2004,  the adidas Group assumed full ownership of its former warehouse
service provider in the Netherlands,  Maersk Ewals Logistics B. V.  (renamed to adidas Logistics
Services B. V. ),  Moerdijk,  for an amount of € 5 million.  The subsidiary contributed net losses of
€ 0 million to the Group for the period from July to December 2004. 
The adidas Group assumed full ownership of its subsidiary in Malaysia,  adidas Malaysia Sdn. 
Bhd.,  Kuala Lumpur,  by purchasing the remaining 40% of shares effective October 4,  2004,  for
an amount of € 3 million.  The additional net income for the Group for the period from October
to December 2004 was € 0 million. 
Effective December 31,  2004,  adidas-Salomon AG sold the remaining 51% of shares of erima
Sportbekleidungs GmbH,  Pfullingen (Germany),  for an amount of € 04 million considering
dividends received for the full year. 
If all acquisitions after March 30,  2004 had occurred on January 1,  2004,  total Group net sales
would have been € 6484 billion and net income would have been unchanged for the year ending December 31,  2004. 

Financial Analysis 
138
Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet
…
 … Cash and Cash Equivalents
…
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash at banks and on hand as well as short-term bank
deposits. 

…
…
 … Inventories
Inventories by major classification are as follows:
Inventories € in thousands 
Dec.  31
2005

The increase in cash and cash equivalents is mainly attributable to increased short-term bank
deposits in the fourth quarter to finance the acquisition of Reebok International Ltd. 
…
…
 … Short-Term Financial Assets
Short-term financial assets are classified 'at fair value through profit or loss".  They comprise
investment funds as well as marketable equity securities. 
Due to the acquisition of Reebok International Ltd.  in 2006,  the Company decided to dissolve its
assets in investment funds during the third and fourth quarter of 2005.  This led to a decrease
in investments to € 61 million at the end of 2005 from € 259 million at the end of 2004.  The
remaining investments,  which are held in the categories total/absolute return funds and funds
of hedge funds,  were disposed of gradually in early 2006. 
The majority of marketable securities relates to commercial paper and certificates of deposit. 
…
…
 … Accounts Receivable
Accounts receivable are as follows:

870430
365210
34176
11211
1281027
51024
1230003

838794
304038
61842
7983
1212657
57283
1155374

Goods in transit mainly relate to shipments from suppliers in the Far East to subsidiaries in
Europe,  Asia and the Americas.  The allowance for obsolescence mainly relates to inventories
on hand amounting to € 250 million and € 235 million as at December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively (see also note 2). 
…
…
 … Other Current Assets
Other current assets consist of the following:

Accounts Receivable € in thousands 
Dec.  31
2005
Accounts receivable,  gross
Less: allowance for doubtful accounts
Accounts receivable,  net 
Finished goods and merchandise on hand
Goods in transit and advance payments
Raw materials
Work in progress
Inventories,  gross
Less: allowance for obsolescence
Inventories,  net 
Dec.  31
2004

Dec.  31
2004

1045541
80727
964814

1137801
91479
1046322

Other Current Assets € in thousands 
Dec.  31
2005
Prepaid expenses
Taxes receivable
Interest rate options
Currency options
Forward contracts
Security deposits
Receivables from non-consolidated affiliated companies
Land held-for-sale
Sundry
Other current assets,  gross
Less: allowance
Other current assets,  net 
Dec.  31
2004

177704
110783
1624
68641
23516
20258
–
40067
145450
588043
2106
585937

129093
127008
5172
7264
4457
15371
349
28822
66050
383586
5283
378303

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
139

…
10 … Property,  Plant and Equipment
…
Property,  plant and equipment consist of the following:

Prepaid expenses relate mainly to promotion agreements and service contracts. 
Information regarding forward contracts as well as currency and interest options is also
included in these notes (see note 23). 

Property,  Plant and Equipment € in thousands 
Land held-for-sale relates to parts of land of the former 'Herzo Base" in Herzogenaurach. 
This land,  owned by the GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG,  was
bought (through acquisition of 90% of the shares) in 1998. 
One part of the land is in use for the development of the adidas Group's international headquarters 'World of Sports",  and is included under property,  plant and equipment.  The remaining part,  not needed by the adidas Group,  has a size of 73 hectares and is to be sold.  According
to the 'Urban Design Contract",  signed with the town of Herzogenaurach in December 2001this land is to be split into a housing area (27 hectares),  an industrial area (19 hectares),  a
public area (24 hectares) and other areas (3 hectares).  Furthermore,  GEV has to undertake
specified opening and development measures as well as to transfer a small piece of land to
the town of Herzogenaurach at predetermined conditions. 

Dec.  31
2005
Land and buildings
Technical equipment and machinery
Other equipment,  furniture and fittings
Less: accumulated depreciation
Construction in progress,  net
Property,  plant and equipment,  net 
Dec.  31
2004

297514
82894
443466
823874
439064
384810
39544
424354

290861
152547
355998
799406
448443
350963
16965
367928

The fair value of this investment property cannot be determined reliably at the current time,  as
the land is not yet fully developed and a binding development plan and building permits only
partially exist.  However,  the Group estimates that the fair value of the land could be a middouble-digit million euro amount. 

Depreciation expenses (continuing operations) were € 80 million and € 66 million for the years
ending December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively (see also note 24). 

To secure an appropriate market value,  the Group continued in 2005 to pursue the development
and commercialization under the control of GEV as decided in 2002.  In 2005,  GEV sold several
pieces of land in the housing area.  The development and sale of the complete area is expected
to occur within the next 15 years. 

…
11 … Goodwill
…
Goodwill primarily relates to the Group's acquisitions of subsidiaries in the United StatesAustralia/New Zealand,  Netherlands/Belgium and Italy. 

Land held-for-sale includes the acquisition costs of the land as well as capitalized expenseswhich occurred in connection with the development of the land to be sold.  Development of the
acquisition costs is as follows:

Goodwill € in thousands 
Dec.  31
2005

Land Held-For-Sale € in thousands
2005
January 1
Additions
Disposals
Balance at December 31

28822
14407
3162
40067

Goodwill,  gross
Less: accumulated amortization
Goodwill,  net 
Dec.  31
2004

436312
–
436312

888124
315698
572426

At the beginning of 2005,  the carrying amount of the accumulated amortization as at December
31,  2004,  was offset against the gross value. 
The decrease in goodwill relates to the divestiture of the Salomon business segment. 

As at December 31,  2005,  the position 'Sundry" included the remaining payment of € 65 million related to the Salomon divestiture. 

Financial Analysis 
140
Net Assets and Goodwill Acquired after March 30,  2004 € in millions 
2005
Purchase price
Book value of net assets acquired
Adjustments to fair value of net assets acquired
Capitalization of intangible assets
Goodwill 
2004

–
–
–
–
–

43
26
(6)

23

From January 1,  2005,  scheduled amortization of goodwill was ceased and goodwill is tested
annually for impairment.  There was no impairment expense for the years ending December
31,  2005 and 2004.  Goodwill amortization expense (continuing operations) was € 36 million for
the year ending December 31,  2004. 
The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis.  This requires
an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. 
Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash
flows from the cash-generating unit and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to
calculate the present value of those cash flows. 

Long-term financial assets further include investments which are mainly related to a deferred
compensation plan (see note 18).  These are mainly invested in insurance products and are
measured at fair value. 
…
14 … Other Non-Current Assets
…
Other non-current assets consist of the following:
Other Non-Current Assets € in thousands 
Dec.  31
2005
Prepaid expenses
Interest rate options
Currency options
Forward contracts
Security deposits
Sundry
Other non-current assets 
…
12 … Other Intangible Assets
…
Other intangible assets consist of the following:
Other Intangible Assets € in thousands 
Dec.  31
2005
Software,  patents,  trademarks and concessions,  gross
Less: accumulated amortization
Other intangible assets,  net 
…
13 … Long-Term Financial Assets
…
Long-term financial assets include a 10% participation in FC Bayern München AG of € 77 million which was concluded in July 2002.  This participation is recorded at cost including transaction costs,  as this equity security does not have a quoted market price in an active market and
other methods of reasonably estimating fair value as at December 31,  2005 and 2004 were
inappropriate or unworkable.  Additionally,  financial assets comprise shares in unconsolidated
affiliated companies of € 2 million at December 31,  2004. 

238995
142683
96312

88801
7078
6578
337
15972
3468
122234

84225
4873
1889
2085
5688
3839
102599

Dec.  31
2004

257119
165878
91241

Dec.  31
2004

Intangible asset amortization expenses (continuing operations) were € 34 million and € 31 million for the years ending December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively (see also note 24). 

Prepaid expenses mainly include prepayments for long-term promotional contracts and service contracts (see also notes 31 and 22). 
…
15 … Borrowings and Credit Lines
…
In response to the increased financial needs due to the acquisition of Reebok International
Ltd.,  the Group adjusted its financing policy.  In 2005,  the German Commercial Paper Program
was increased by € 125 billion to € 20 billion.  Additionally,  the international medium-term
syndicated loan was increased to € 20 billion from € 750 million,  with extended maturities. 
Furthermore,  the number of banks participating in the Commercial Paper Program as well as
the syndicated loan was extended.  Additionally,  in January 2006,  the Group issued a US private
placement with a transaction volume of US $ 10 billion.  Bilateral credit lines in an amount
of approximately € 2 billion as well as the € 400 million convertible bond issued by adidasSalomon International Finance B. V.  in 2003 are supplementing the advanced diversification of
the Group's financing structure. 

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

With settlement on October 8,  2003,  adidas-Salomon issued a € 400 million convertible bond
through its wholly-owned Dutch subsidiary,  adidas-Salomon International Finance B. V.,  guaranteed by adidas-Salomon AG.  The bond was issued in tranches of € 50000 each with a maturity up to 15 years.  The bond is,  at the option of the respective holder,  subject to certain conditions,  convertible from and including November 18,  2003,  up to and including September 202018,  into ordinary no-par-value bearer shares of adidas-Salomon AG at the conversion price
of € 10200 which was fixed upon issue.  The coupon of the bond is 25% and is payable annually
in arrears on October 8 of each year,  commencing on October 8,  2004.  The bond is convertible
into approximately four million no-par-value shares. 
The convertible bond is not callable by the issuer until October 2009 and callable thereaftersubject to a 130% trigger between October 2009 and October 2012 and subject to a 115% trigger between October 2012 and 2015,  unconditionally thereafter.  Investors have the right to put
the bond in October 2009,  October 2012 and October 2015. 
The fair values of the liability component and the equity conversion component were determined
on the issuance of the bond.  The fair value of the liability component,  included in long-term
borrowings,  was calculated using a market interest rate of approximately 46% for an equivalent straight bond without conversion rights.  Due to the retrospective application of the amendment to IAS 39 and IAS 32,  the liability and equity split of the convertible bond has changed.  As
 result,  the liability component as at the date of issuance increased by € 711 million with an
equivalent decrease in equity.  The amount of the equity component,  which is included in equity
in the capital reserve,  amounts to € 441 million (less transaction costs of € 09 million). 
In subsequent periods,  the liability component is valued on the amortized cost basis. 
The adidas-Salomon AG share traded above 110% (€ 11220) of the conversion price of € 102
on more than 20 trading days within the last 30 trading days in the fourth quarter of 2004.  Consequently,  bond holders have the right to convert their convertible bonds into equity,  beginning
January 1,  2005.  An early redemption or conversion of the convertible bond is not expected. 

Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
As at December 31,  2005,  the Group had cash credit lines and other long-term financing
arrangements totaling € 51 billion (2004: € 31 billion); thereof unused credit lines accounted
for € 41 billion (2004: € 20 billion).  In addition,  the Group had separate lines for the issuance
of letters of credit in an amount of approximately € 04 billion (2004: € 03 billion). 
The Group's outstanding financings are unsecured. 
The private placement and convertible bond documentations each contain a negative-pledge
clause.  Additionally,  the private placement documentation contains minimum equity
covenants.  As at December 31,  2005,  actual shareholders' equity was well above the amount
of the minimum equity covenant. 
The amounts disclosed as borrowings represent outstanding borrowings under the following
arrangements with aggregated expiration dates as follows:
Gross Borrowings as at December 31,  2005 € in millions
Up to
 year 
Between 1
and 3 years 
Between 3
and 5 years 
After
 years 
Total 

31

31


294

294

102
65
366
533


177

177

102
567
366
1035

Up to
 year 
Bank borrowings
Private placements
Convertible bond
Total 
Between 1
and 3 years 
Between 3
and 5 years 
After
 years 
Total 
168
18

186


141

145


239
356
595


194

194

172
592
356
1120

Gross Borrowings as at December 31,  2004 € in millions 
Gross borrowings declined by € 85 million in 2005 compared to € 176 million in 2004. 
Borrowings are denominated in a variety of currencies in which the Group conducts its business.  The largest portions of effective gross borrowings (before liquidity swaps for cash management purposes) as at December 31,  2005 are denominated in euros (76%; 2004: 68%) and
US dollars (16%; 2004: 24%). 

141

Bank borrowings
Private placements
Convertible bond
Total 
Month-end weighted average interest rates on borrowings in all currencies ranged from 37%
to 42% in 2005 and from 30% to 38% in 2004. 
As all short-term borrowings were backed by long-term arrangements in 2005,  the Group has
returned to reporting them as long-term borrowings.  At the end of 2004,  gross borrowings in
the amount of € 186 million were reported as short-term borrowings. 
The borrowings relating to the outstanding convertible bond changed in value,  reflecting the
accruing interest on the debt component in accordance with IFRS requirements. 

142

Financial Analysis 
…
16 … Accrued Liabilities and Provisions
…
Accrued liabilities and provisions consist of the following:

…
17 … Other Current Liabilities
…
Other current liabilities consist of the following:

Accrued Liabilities and Provisions € in millions 
Dec.  31
2004
Goods and services
not yet invoiced
Marketing
Payroll,  commissions
and employee benefits
Returns,  allowanceswarranty
Restructuring
Taxes,  other than
income taxes
Other
Accrued liabilities
and provisions 
Currency
translation
differences 
Other Current Liabilities € in thousands 
Usage 
Changes in
companies
Release consolidated 
Addition 
Dec.  31
2005

Dec.  31
2005

150
107


4

77
66

16
14

(21)
(3)

141
88

186
116

120



73

11

(13)

107

137

39
45


0

19
13


5

(7)
(23)

31
13

44
17


90


4


16


10


(1)


55

12
122

558

29

268

60

(68)

443

Liabilities due to personnel
Tax liabilities other than income taxes
Liabilities due to social security
Interest rate options
Currency options
Forward contracts
Liabilities due to non-consolidated affiliated companies
Deferred income
Sundry
Other current liabilities 
Dec.  31
2004 1)

12505
45904
10109
2399
13932
9113
–
17314
78631
189906

14384
35798
19258

17637
24062
81
10829
73835
195884

634

1) Restated due to application of IAS 32 (see note 20). 

Information regarding forward contracts as well as currency and interest rate options is also
included in these notes (see note 23). 
Marketing provisions mainly consist of provisions for distribution,  such as discounts,  rebates
and sales commissions,  as well as promotion. 
The usage of the restructuring provision was mainly related to warehouses and production
restructuring initiatives within Europe. 
The balance of the restructuring provision as at December 31,  2004 mainly represents production restructuring initiatives and indemnities. 

…
18 … Pensions and Similar Obligations
…
The Group has obligations from defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans.  The
benefits are provided pursuant to the legal,  fiscal and economic conditions in each respective
country. 
Pensions and Similar Obligations € in thousands 
Other accrued liabilities and provisions mainly include items not otherwise allocated and also
anticipated losses from purchase and other transactions and contingent losses from pending
lawsuits. 

Dec.  31
2005
Defined benefit plans
Thereof:
adidas-Salomon AG
Similar obligations
Pensions and similar obligations
1) Restated due to application of amendment to IAS 19. 

Dec.  31
2004 1)

131114

118094

122705
16811
147925

99672
10582
128676

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

Similar obligations include mainly long-term liabilities under a deferred compensation plan. 
The funds withheld are invested by the Group on behalf of the employees in certain securitieswhich are presented under long-term financial assets (see note 13).  Once the Company has
paid the contributions due,  it is not obliged to provide any further benefits The total expense
for defined contribution plans amounted to € 14 million in 2005 (2004: € 20 million).  All other
pension plans are unfunded defined benefit plans. 

Actuarial Assumptions 
Dec.  31
2005

Dec.  31
2004

40%
30%
15%

475%
15%
15%

The actuarial valuations of the defined benefit plans are made at the end of each reporting
period.  The assumptions for employee turnover and mortality are based on empirical datathe latter on the 2005 version of the mortality tables of Dr.  Heubeck (2004: 1998 version).  The
actuarial assumptions for other countries are not materially different. 
As of January 1,  2005,  due to application of the amendment to IAS 19 'Employee Benefits"
issued in December 2004,  the Group recognizes actuarial gains or losses of defined benefit
plans arising during the financial year immediately outside the profit and loss account in the
statement of recognized income and earnings (SoRIE).  Prior year figures have been adjusted
accordingly,  due to this change in accounting policy.  However,  net income was not changed as
it was not necessary to recognize actuarial gains or losses pursuant to the corridor approach
of IAS 19 in 2004.  The actuarial loss recognized in the statement of recognized income and
earnings for 2005 was € 15 million (2004: € 12 million) The cumulative actuarial losses recognized in the SoRIE amount to € 31 million (2004: € 17 million). 
Pension Expenses € in thousands
Year ending December 31
2005
2004
Current service cost
Interest cost
Pension expenses 
143

Of the total pension expenses,  an amount of € 11 million (2004: € 10 million) was related to
employees in Germany.  Expected contributions to post-employment benefit plans for employees living in Germany for the year ending December 31,  2006,  are expected to amount
to € 7 million.  The pension expense is recorded within the operating expenses whereas the
production-related part thereof is recognized within the cost of sales. 
Defined Benefit Obligation € in thousands 
Defined Benefit Plans 
Discount rate
Salary increases
Pension increases 
Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
8741
4819
13560

8624
5088
13712

Provision as at December 31,  2004
Actuarial loss before 2005
Defined benefit obligation as at January 1,  2005
Disposal of discontinued operations
Currency translation differences
Pension expenses
Pensions paid
Actuarial loss in 2005
Defined benefit obligation as at December 31,  2005

100739
17355
118094
(10742)
453
13560
(4985)
14734
131114

Experience Adjustments on Plan Liabilities € in thousands 
Dec.  31
2005
Present value of defined benefit obligation
Less: plan assets
Deficit in the plan
Experience adjustments on plan liabilities 
Dec.  31
2004

131114
–
131114
1390

118094
–
118094
–

The calculations of the recognized assets and liabilities from defined benefit plans are based
upon statistical and actuarial calculations.  In particular,  the present value of the defined benefit obligation is impacted by assumptions on discount rates used to arrive at the present
value of future pension liabilities and assumptions on future increases in salaries and benefits. 
Furthermore,  the Group's independent actuaries use statistically based assumptions covering
areas such as future withdrawals of participants from the plan and estimates on life expectancy.  The actuarial assumptions used may differ materially from actual results due to changes
in market and economic conditions,  higher or lower withdrawal rates or longer or shorter life
spans of participants and other changes in the factors being assessed.  These differences could
impact the assets or liabilities recognized in the balance sheet in future periods. 

144
…
19 … Other Non-Current Liabilities
…
Other non-current liabilities consist mainly of obligations under finance leases of € 8 million
and € 13 million (see note 22) and negative fair values of long-term interest rate options of
€ 9 million and € 15 million as at December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively. 

Financial Analysis 
The details of the increase of the nominal capital are as follows:
Increase in Nominal Capital 
…
20 … Minority Interests
…
Minority interests are attributable to four and five subsidiaries as at December 31,  2005 and
2004 respectively (see Shareholdings/Attachment I to these notes). 
These subsidiaries were mainly set up together with former independent distributors and licensees for the adidas brand. 
In accordance with IAS 32,  minority interests are no longer reported within the minority interests for GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG (Germany) as the company is a limited partnership or for adidas Hellas A. E.  (Greece) and adidas Suomi Oy (Finland)
as these minorities hold put options.  The fair value of these minorities is shown within other
liabilities.  The difference between the fair value and the minority interests has to be shown as
goodwill less accumulated amortization.  The result for these minorities is now reported within
the financial expenses.  The prior year figures have been restated accordingly. 
…
21 … Shareholders' Equity
…
On December 31,  2004,  the nominal capital of adidas-Salomon AG amounted to € 117399040
and was divided into 45859000 no-par-value bearer shares. 
During 2005,  the nominal capital was increased to a total of € 11835009280,  divided into
46230505 no-par-value bearer shares as a result of the exercise of a total of 371505 stock options and the issuance of 371505 no-par-value bearer shares associated with the various exercise periods of the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP).  Capital reserves thus increased
by € 1873897755 in 2005. 

Date of
Capital Increase 
Total Amount of Exercised Stock
Options and Issued Shares 
Exercise Periods
of MSOP Tranches 
January 5,  2005

Liabilities falling due after more than five years totaled € 8 million and € 6 million as at December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively. 

81050

June 30,  2005

83605

October 4,  2005

206850

8th exercise period of Tranche II (2000)
5th exercise period of Tranche III (2001)
2nd exercise period of Tranche IV (2002)
9th exercise period of Tranche II (2000)
6th exercise period of Tranche III (2001)
3rd exercise period of Tranche IV (2002)
12th exercise period of Tranche I (1999)
10th exercise period of Tranche II (2000)
7th exercise period of Tranche III (2001)
4th exercise period of Tranche IV (2002)
1st exercise period of Tranche V (2003)

On November 4,  2005,  the Executive Board made use of its authorization under § 4 section 2 of
the Company's Articles of Association to increase the nominal capital,  subject to Supervisory
Board approval,  by € 11600000 through the issuance of 4531250 no-par-value bearer shares
and to exclude shareholders' subscription rights.  On December 31,  2005,  the nominal capital
of adidas-Salomon AG amounted to € 12995009280 and was divided into 50761755 no-parvalue bearer shares.  Capital reserves thus increased by € 636368750 in 2005.  The transaction
costs accounted for as a deduction from capital reserves in 2005 amounted to € 907156250. 
In January 2006,  the nominal capital of adidas-Salomon AG was increased by a further € 141568
as a result of the exercise of 55300 stock options and the issuance of 55300 no-par-value
bearer shares associated with the thirteenth exercise period of Tranche I (1999),  the eleventh
exercise period of Tranche II (2000),  the eighth exercise period of Tranche III (2001),  the fifth
exercise period of Tranche IV (2002) and the second exercise period of Tranche V (2003) of the
Management Share Option Plan.  On February 17,  2006,  the nominal capital of adidas-Salomon
AG therefore amounted to € 13009166080 and is divided into 50817055 no-par-value bearer
shares.  Capital reserves thus increased by € 2830920 in 2006. 

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

Authorized Capital
The Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG has made use of its authorization granted pursuant
to § 4 section 2 of the Company's Articles of Association,  to increase the nominal capital of the
Company,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  by up to € 11600000 through the issuance
of 4531250 no-par-value bearer shares,  and,  on November 4,  2005,  decided to increase the
nominal capital by € 11600000 and to issue 4531250 no-par-value bearer shares.  With Supervisory Board approval,  shareholders' subscription rights were excluded.  The corresponding
amendment of the Articles of Association (cancellation of § 4 section 2,  and the corresponding
renumbering of the following sections) was entered into the Commercial Register on November 4,  2005.  As at December 31,  2005,  the authorized capital of the Company is set out in § 4
section 2 (formerly section 3) and 3 (formerly section 4) of the Articles of Association,  pursuant to which the Executive Board shall be entitled,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to
increase the nominal capital
until June 19,  2010
… by issuing new shares against contributions in cash once or several times by no more than
…
…
 maximum of € 41000000 and,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to exclude fractional
shares from shareholders' subscription rights (Authorized Capital I);
and until June 19,  2008
…
… by issuing new shares against contributions in cash or in kind once or several times by no
…
more than a maximum of € 4000000 and,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to exclude
shareholders' subscription rights (Authorized Capital III). 
Contingent Capital
As set out in § 4 section 4 (formerly section 5) of the Company's Articles of Association,  in
the version dated February 7,  2006,  the nominal capital was conditionally increased by up to
€ 110229120 through the issuance of not more than 430582 no-par-value bearer shares
(Contingent Capital 1999) for the purpose of granting stock options in connection with the
Management Share Option Plan to members of the Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG as
well as to managing directors/senior vice presidents of its affiliated companies and to other
executives of adidas-Salomon AG and of its affiliated companies. 
As a result of the exercise of 371505 stock options and the issuance of 371505 no-par-value
bearer shares during 2005 associated with three exercise periods each of Tranche I (1999)Tranche II (2000),  Tranche III (2001) and Tranche IV (2002) and with one exercise period of
Tranche V (2003) of the Management Share Option Plan,  the nominal amount of Contingent
Capital 1999 at the balance sheet date amounted to € 124385920,  divided into 485882 nopar-value shares. 

Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
145

In January 2006,  the nominal amount of Contingent Capital 1999 was reduced to € 110229120divided into 430582 no-par-value bearer shares,  as a result of the exercise of 55300 stock options and the issuance of 55300 no-par-value bearer shares associated with the thirteenth
exercise period of Tranche I (1999),  the eleventh exercise period of Tranche II (2000),  the eighth
exercise period of Tranche III (2001),  the fifth exercise period of Tranche IV (2002) as well as the
second exercise period of Tranche V (2003) of the Management Share Option Plan.  On February
18,  2006,  the nominal amount of Contingent Capital 1999 amounted to € 110229120,  divided
into 430582 no-par-value bearer shares. 
The entry of the respective change to the Articles of Association with the Commercial Register
was made in January 2006. 
In accordance with § 4 section 5 (formerly section 6) of the Company's Articles of Associationthe nominal capital is conditionally increased by up to a further € 23040000,  divided into not
more than 9000000 no-par-value bearer shares (Contingent Capital 2003).  The contingent
capital increase will be implemented only to the extent that the holders of the subscription or
conversion rights or the persons obligated to exercise the subscription or conversion duties
based on the bonds with warrants or convertible bonds,  which are issued or guaranteed by
the Company or a wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company pursuant to the
authorization of the Executive Board on the basis of the shareholder resolution dated May 82003,  make use of their subscription or conversion right or,  if they are obligated to exercise
the subscription or conversion rights,  they meet their obligations to exercise the warrant or
convert the bond.  The Executive Board is authorized,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to
fully suspend the shareholders' rights to subscribe the bonds with warrants and/or convertible bonds,  if the Executive Board has concluded following an examination in accordance with
its legal duties that the issue price of the bonds with warrants and/or convertible bonds is not
significantly below the hypothetical market value computed using recognized financial calculation methods.  This authorization to suspend the subscription rights applies,  however,  only
with respect to the bonds with warrants and/or convertible bonds with subscription or conversion rights to the shares having a pro rata amount of the registered share capital totaling a
maximum of € 11600000. 
The nominal value of Contingent Capital 2003 as at the balance sheet date amounted to
€ 23040000,  as a conversion of the bonds had not yet been implemented by that date.  On February 17,  2006,  the nominal value of Contingent Capital 2003 still amounted to € 23040000as the bondholders entitled to convert have not made use of their right to conversion of their
bonds into shares. 
In principle,  the conversion right may be exercised during the period commencing on January
1,  2005 and ending on September 20,  2018,  subject to the expiration of the conversion right according to § 6 section 3 or subject to the excluded period specified in § 6 section 4 of the Terms
and Conditions of the Convertible Bond. 

146

Financial Analysis 
In accordance with § 4 section 6 (formerly section 7) of the Articles of Association,  the Company's
nominal capital is conditionally increased by up to a further € 9100000,  divided into not more
than 3554687 no-par-value bearer shares (Contingent Capital 2004).  The contingent capital
increase will be implemented only to the extent that the holders of the subscription or conversion rights or the persons obligated to exercise the subscription or conversion duties based on
the bonds with warrants or convertible bonds,  which are issued or guaranteed by the Company
or a Group subsidiary pursuant to the authorization of the Executive Board on the basis of the
shareholder resolution dated May 13,  2004,  make use of their subscription or conversion right
or,  if they are obligated to exercise the subscription or conversion rights,  they meet their obligations to exercise the warrant or convert the bond.  The Executive Board is authorized,  subject
to Supervisory Board approval,  to fully suspend shareholders' rights to subscribe the bonds
with warrants and/or convertible bonds,  if the bonds with warrants and/or convertible bonds
are issued at a price which is not significantly below the market value of these bonds.  The limit
for subscription right exclusions of 10% of the registered stock capital according to § 186 section 3 sentence 4 together with § 221 section 4 sentence 2 of the German Stock Corporation
Act has been observed. 

It is stipulated that the acquisition of companies or participations,  industrial rights or licenses
may also be made via subsidiaries. 

Acquisition of Own Shares
By resolution of the Annual General Meeting held on May 4,  2005,  the shareholders of adidasSalomon AG authorized the Company to acquire own shares in an aggregate amount of up to
10% of the nominal capital for any permissible purpose until November 3,  2006.  The report of
the Executive Board stated in particular the following purposes for such acquisition:
…
… subject to Supervisory Board approval,  for the resale of shares via the stock exchange or
…
via a tender offer to all shareholders against cash at a price not significantly below the stock
market price of the shares with the same features;
… subject to Supervisory Board approval,  for the purpose of acquiring companies,  parts of
…
…
companies or participations in companies;
…
… subject to Supervisory Board approval,  as consideration for the acquisition of industrial
…
property rights such as patents,  brands,  names and logos of athletes,  sports clubs and other
third parties or for the acquisition of licenses relating to such rights;
… to meet subscription or conversion rights or conversion obligations arising from bonds
…
…
with warrants and/or convertible bonds issued by the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company;
…
… to meet the Company's obligations arising from the Management Share Option Plan 1999
…
(MSOP);
…
… subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to withdraw the shares from the market.  It is not
…
necessary to obtain any further shareholders' approval. 

Furthermore,  the Supervisory Board is authorized to assign reacquired own shares to Executive Board members as compensation by way of a stock bonus subject to the proviso that
resale shall only be permitted following a retention period of at least two years from the date
of assignment. 
Information pursuant to § 21 German Securities Trading Act (WpHG)
On December 20,  2005,  Barclays PLC,  London,  Great Britain,  in accordance with § 21 section
 of the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz WpHG) notified the Company in its own name as well as on behalf of its subsidiary Barclays Bank PLC that on November 16,  2005,  the participation of Barclays PLC fell below the threshold of 5% and amounted
to 497%. 
Distributable Profits and Dividends
Distributable profits to shareholders are determined by reference to the retained earnings of
adidas-Salomon AG and calculated under German Commercial Law. 
The Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG recommends a dividend of € 130 for 2005,  subject
to Annual General Meeting approval.  The dividend for 2004 was also € 130 per share. 
Currently,  50761755 no-par-value shares carry dividend rights.  It is proposed accordingly that
retained earnings of adidas-Salomon AG as at December 31,  2005 be appropriated as follows:
Appropriation of Retained Earnings of adidas-Salomon AG € in thousands
Retained earnings of adidas-Salomon AG as at December 31,  2005
Less: dividend of € 130 per share
Retained earnings carried forward 
66531
65990
541

Due to the possibility to buy back shares,  the amount to be distributed to shareholders may
change,  as a result of the change in the number of shares carrying dividend rights,  prior to the
Annual General Meeting. 

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

…
22 … Leasing and Service Arrangements
…
Operating Leases
The Group leases offices,  retail stores,  warehouses and equipment under leases with expiration dates of between one and seventeen years.  Rent expenses are recognized on a straightline basis over the lease term.  Rent expenses (continuing operations) aggregated to € 171 million and € 128 million for the years ending December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively. 
Future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases are as follows:
Minimum Lease Payments for Operating Leases € in millions 
Dec.  31
2005
Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total 
Dec.  31
2004

117
243
202
562

94
219
184
497

Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
147

Minimum Lease Payments for Finance Leases € in thousands 
Dec.  31
2005
Lease payments falling due:
Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total lease payments
Less: estimated amount representing interest
Obligation under finance leases
Thereof:
current
non-current 
Dec.  31
2004

2999
7432
1991
12422
1569
10853

4316
12910
2393
19619
2929
16690

2575
8278

3319
13371

The non-current portion of the obligation under finance leases includes amounts with terms
of more than five years of € 1 million and € 2 million as at December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively. 
Finance Leases
The Group also leases several premises for administration,  warehousing,  research and development as well as production,  which are classified as finance leases. 
The net carrying amount of these assets of € 12 million and € 16 million is included in propertyplant and equipment as at December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively.  Interest expenses were
€ 1 million (2004: € 1 million) and depreciation expenses were € 3 million (2004: € 3 million)
for the year ending December 31,  2005. 

Service Arrangements
The Group has outsourced certain logistics and information technology functions,  for which it
has entered into long-term contracts.  Financial commitments under these contracts mature
as follows:
Financial Commitments for Service Arrangements € in millions 
Dec.  31
2005

The minimum lease payments under these contracts over their remaining terms which extend
up to 2016 and their net present values are as follows:
Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total 
Dec.  31
2004

38
18

56

33
17

50

Financial Analysis 
148
…
23 … Financial Instruments
…
Management of Foreign Exchange Risk
The Group is subject to currency exposure,  primarily due to an imbalance of its global cash
flows caused by the high share of product sourcing invoiced in US dollars,  while sales other
than in US dollars are invoiced mainly in European currencies,  but also in Japanese yenCanadian dollars and other currencies.  It is the Group's policy to hedge identified currency
risks arising from forecasted transactions when it becomes exposed.  In addition,  the Group
hedges balance sheet risks selectively. 
Risk management is conducted by using natural hedges and arranging forward contractscurrency options and currency swaps.  It is Group policy to have a high share of hedging instruments,  such as currency options or option combinations,  which provide protection and,  at the
same time,  retain the potential to benefit from future favorable exchange rate developments in
the financial markets.  In 2005,  the Group contracted currency options with premiums paid in
 total amount of € 27 million (2004: € 22 million),  of which € 11 million were paid for hedges
relating to the acquisition of Reebok International Ltd.  (2004: € 0 million).  The change in the
intrinsic value of currency options is recorded in other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of recognized income and expense and posted into the profit and loss statement at the same time as the underlying transaction is recorded; a total amount of € 19 million impacted net income in 2005 (2004: € 17 million).  Paid option premiums (as part of the
total capitalized fair value) in an amount of € 31 million and € 25 million were deferred as at
December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively. 

The comparatively high amount of forward contracts is primarily due to currency swaps
for liquidity management purposes and hedging transactions,  in which the US dollar is not
involved. 
Of the total amount of outstanding hedges,  the following contracts related to coverage of the
biggest single exposure,  the US dollar:
Notional Amounts of US Dollar Hedging Instruments € in millions 
Dec.  31
2005
Forward contracts
Currency options
Total 
Dec.  31
2004

436
1975
2411

326
657
983

Of the notional amounts of the outstanding currency options,  € 1161 million related to hedges
for the acquisition of Reebok International Ltd. 
The fair value of all outstanding currency hedging instruments is as follows:

The total net amount of US dollar purchases against other currencies was US $ 18 billion and
US $ 17 billion in the years ending December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively. 

Fair Value € in millions 
The notional amounts of all outstanding currency hedging instruments,  which are mainly
related to cash flow hedges,  are summarized in the following table:
Notional Amounts of All Currency Hedging Instruments € in millions 
Dec.  31
2005
Forward contracts
Currency options
Total 
Dec.  31
2004

1048
2049
3097

871
848
1719

Dec.  31
2005
Forward contracts
Currency options
Total 
15
59
74

Dec.  31
2004
(16)
(10)
(26)

The total positive fair value of € 15 million of forward contracts relates to hedging instruments
falling under hedge accounting as per definition of IAS 39.  The total fair value of outstanding
currency options relates to cash flow hedges. 
The fair value adjustments of outstanding cash flow hedges for forecasted sales will be reported
in the income statement when the forecasted sales transaction is recorded,  the wide majority
being forecasted for 2006. 

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

In addition,  the adidas Group hedges parts of its net investment in Taylor Made Golf Co.  Ltd. Tokyo (Japan),  with forward contracts.  A related gain of € 24 million in 2005 (2004: € 1 million)
was recorded in equity.  Furthermore,  a gain of € 54 million was realized in 2005 resulting
from a partial closeout of the hedge in connection with the divestiture of the Salomon business
segment. 
In order to determine the fair values of its derivatives that are not publicly traded,  the adidas
Group uses approved finance-related economic models based on market conditions prevailing
at the balance sheet date. 
Management of Interest Rate Risk
It has been the policy of the Group to concentrate its financing on short-term borrowings,  but
to protect against liquidity risks with longer-term financing agreements,  and to protect against
the risk of rising interest rates with interest rate caps,  cross-currency interest rate swaps and
interest rate swaps.  In view of the continuing decline of the borrowings,  no additional caps
were arranged in 2005.  Additionally,  maturing interest rate caps amounting to approximately
€ 213 million were not renewed. 
The interest rate hedges which were outstanding as at December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively expire as detailed below:
Expiration Dates of Interest Rate Hedges € in millions 
Dec.  31
2005
Within 1 year
Between 1 and 3 years
Between 3 and 5 years
Over 5 years
Total 
Dec.  31
2004

530
50

108
688

213
553

96
862

Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
149

The summary above includes,  in addition to the interest rate options,  the notional amount
of one long-term US dollar interest rate swap in an amount of € 85 million (2004: € 73 million) and one long-term cross-currency swap in an amount of € 23 million (2004: € 23 million). 
Both are classified as fair value hedges. 
The interest rate options had a negative fair value of € 12 million and € 30 million as at
December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively. 
The interest rate swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps had a negative fair value of
€ 96 million and € 74 million as at December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively. 
Several of the instruments qualify as cash flow hedges pursuant to IAS 39.  The related positive
change in fair value of € 18 million was credited in equity and will be expensed in accordance
with interest rate developments in parallel to the underlying hedged item.  The negative change
in the fair value of the remaining instruments,  which was recorded directly in the income statement as incurred,  was immaterial. 
Management of Credit Risk
The Group's treasury department arranges currency and interest rate hedges,  and invests
cash,  with major banks of a high credit standing throughout the world,  all being rated 'A-" or
higher in terms of Standard & Poor's long-term ratings (or a comparable rating from other
rating agencies). 
Generally,  foreign Group companies are authorized to work with banks rated 'BBB+" or higher. 
In exceptional cases,  they are authorized to work with banks rated lower than 'BBB+'.  To limit
risk in these cases,  restrictions such as limited amounts of cash deposits with these banks
are stipulated. 

Financial Analysis 
150
Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement
…
24 … Operating Expenses (Selling,  General and Administrative Expenses as well as
…
Depreciation and Amortization [excluding Goodwill])
Operating expenses include expenses for sales,  marketing and research and development,  as
well as for logistics and central finance and administration.  In addition,  they include depreciation on tangible and amortization on intangible assets,  with the exception of goodwill amortization and other depreciation and amortization which is included in the cost of sales. 
 significant portion of the operating expenses comprises the marketing working budget.  The
marketing working budget consists of promotion and communication spending such as promotion contracts,  advertising,  retail support,  events and other communication activities,  however it does not include marketing overhead expenses.  In 2005,  marketing working budget
of continuing operations accounted for approximately 37% (2004: 37%) of the total operating
expenses. 
Total depreciation and amortization expense for tangible and intangible assets (excluding
goodwill) for continuing operations was € 113 million and € 97 million for the years ending
December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively.  Thereof,  € 2 million and € 2 million were recorded
within the cost of sales as they are directly attributable to the production costs of goods sold. 

…
25 … Cost by Nature
…
Expenses are presented by function in the income statement.  Supplementary information on
the expenses by nature is detailed below. 
Cost of Materials
The total cost of materials was € 3325 billion and € 2948 billion for continuing operations for
the years ending December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively. 
Personnel Expenses
Personnel expenses were as follows:
Personnel Expenses (Continuing Operations) € in millions
Year ending December 31
2005
2004
Wages and salaries
Social security contributions
Pension expense
Personnel expenses 
621
58
27
706

557
53
27
637

Operating Expenses (Continuing Operations) € in millions
Year ending December 31
2005
2004
Marketing working budget
Marketing overhead
Sales
Logistics
Research & development
Central finance & administration
Other
Total operating expenses
Thereof:
Depreciation and amortization
Selling,  general and administrative 
942
207
534
347
63
439

2537

833
183
454
325
59
381

2236

112
2425

95
2141

Personnel expenses which are directly attributable to the production costs of goods are
included within the cost of sales. 

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

…
26 … Financial Expenses,  Net
…
Financial result consists of the following:

151

…
27 … Income Taxes
…
In general,  adidas-Salomon AG and its German subsidiaries are subject to corporate and trade
taxes. 

Financial Expenses,  Net (Continuing Operations) € in thousands
Year ending December 31
2005
2004 1)
Interest income
Net foreign exchange gain
Fair value gains on available–for–sale investments
Other
Financial income
Interest expense
Net foreign exchange loss
Other
Financial expenses
Financial expenses,  net 
Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement 
36161
4933
100
394
41588
(73767)
–
(19960)
(93727)
(52139)

13285
–
10
4656
17951
(70564)
(3646)
(2256)
(76466)
(58515)

1) Restated due to application of IAS 32 (see note 20). 

Other financial expenses include losses on other financial assets,  unrealized losses from
investment funds (unrealized gains in the prior year,  which were shown in other financial
income) as well as minority interests,  which are not recorded in equity according to IAS 32. 

In general,  a corporate tax rate of 25% plus a surcharge of 55% thereon is applied to earnings. 
The municipal trade tax is approximately 15% of taxable income,  which is deductible in the
determination of income for corporation tax purposes. 
Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if they relate to the same fiscal authority.  The
following deferred tax assets and liabilities,  determined after appropriate offsetting,  are presented on the balance sheet:
Deferred Tax Assets/Liabilities € in thousands 
Dec.  31
2005
Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets,  net 
Dec.  31
2004 1)

195211
(42185)
153026

166539
(77915)
88624

1) Restated due to application of amendment to IAS 19. 

The movements of deferred taxes are as follows:
Information regarding the Group's available-for-sale investments,  borrowings and financial
instruments is also included in these notes (see notes 6,  13,  15 and 23). 

Movement of Deferred Taxes € in thousands 
2005
Deferred tax assets,  net as at January 1
Deferred tax (expense)/income 2)
Change in consolidated companies
Change in deferred taxes attributable to effective portion of qualifying
hedging instruments recorded in equity (see note 23)
Currency translation differences
Change in deferred taxes attributable to actuarial gains and losses
recorded in equity (see note 18)
Deferred tax assets,  net as at December 31

2004 1)

88624
75752
(12509)

114652
(37786)
3285

(16149)
12033

8213
(4169)

5275
153026

4429
88624

1) Restated due to application of amendment to IAS 19. 
2) Includes deferred tax income of € 2 million and € 4 million relating to discontinued operations for the years ending December 31,  2005
and 2004,  respectively. 

152

Financial Analysis 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities of the Group on a gross basis before valuation allowances
and before appropriate offsetting are attributable to the items detailed in the table below:

Tax Expenses
Tax expenses are split as follows:

Deferred Taxes € in thousands 
Income Tax Expenses (Continuing Operations) € in thousands 
Dec.  31
2005
Non-current assets
Current assets
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Accumulated tax loss carryforwards
Valuation allowances
Deferred tax assets
Non-current assets
Current assets
Untaxed reserves
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets,  net 
19467
43686
145004
47194
255351
(21298)
234053
18993
39344
3835
18855
81027
153026

24266
108632
123669
68793
325360
(84665)
240695
6636
104316
41054
65
152071
88624

Year ending December 31
2005
2004

Dec.  31
2004 1)
Current tax expenses
Deferred tax expenses/(income)
Income tax expenses 
294936
(74014)
220922

151270
41930
193200

Current taxes in the amount of € 2 million and € 1 million which relate to net investment
hedges have been credited directly to shareholders' equity for the years ending December 312005 and 2004,  respectively (see also note 23). 
The effective tax rate of the adidas Group differs from an assumed tax rate of 40% as follows:
Reconciliation of Tax Rate (Continuing Operations)

1) Restated due to application of amendment to IAS 19. 

Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that the realization of the related benefit
is probable.  Based on the past performance and the prospects of the respective business for
the foreseeable future,  valuation allowances are established where this criterion is not met. 
Valuation allowances refer to deferred tax assets of companies which are operating in the startup phase or in certain emerging markets,  since the realization of the related tax benefits is not
probable.  Further,  adidas North America Inc.  has deductible temporary differences,  unused
foreign tax credits and tax loss carryforwards,  which can in part only be utilized in limited annual amounts through to 2007,  for which a valuation allowance was established for amounts
in excess of income projections. 
The Group does not recognize deferred tax liabilities for unremitted earnings of non-German
subsidiaries to the extent that they are expected to be permanently invested in international
operations.  These earnings,  the amount of which cannot be practicably computed,  could become subject to additional tax if they were remitted as dividends,  or if foreign earnings were
loaned to the subsidiary,  or if the Group were to sell its shareholdings in the subsidiaries. 

€ in millions
Expected income tax expenses
Tax rate differentials
Non-deductible goodwill amortization
Other non-deductible expenses
Losses for which benefits were
not recognizable and changes in
valuation allowances
Other,  net
Withholding tax expenses
Income tax expenses 
2005
in %

Year ending December 31
2004
€ in millions
in %

2621
(760)

265

400
(116)

40

2112
(614)
125
26

400
(116)
24
05

56
(09)
2173
36
2209

09
(03)
332
05
337

237
(02)
1884
48
1932

45
00
358
09
367

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

…
28 … Earnings Per Share
…
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net income attributable to shareholders
by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. 
Dilutive potential shares have arisen under the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) of
adidas-Salomon AG,  which was implemented in 1999.  As the required performance criteria
for the exercise of the stock options of all tranches of the share option plan have been fulfilleddilutive potential shares impact the diluted earnings per share calculation. 
It is necessary to include dilutive potential shares arising from the convertible bond issuance
in October 2003 in the calculation of diluted earnings per share as at December 31,  2005 and
2004,  respectively,  as the required conversion criteria were fulfilled at the balance sheet date
(see note 15).  The convertible bond is assumed to have been converted into ordinary shares
and the net income is adjusted to eliminate the interest expense less the tax effect. 
Earnings Per Share 
Year ending December 31
2005
2004
Net income attributable to shareholders (€ in thousands)
Weighted average number of shares
Basic earnings per share (€)
Net income attributable to shareholders (€ in thousands)
Interest expense on convertible bond (net of taxes) (€ in thousands)
Net income used to determine diluted earnings per share (€ in thousands)
Weighted average number of shares
Weighted share options
Assumed conversion convertible bond
Weighted average number of shares for diluted earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share (€)

382744
46736958
819
382744
10662
393406
46736958
213159
3921569
50871686
773

314248
45649560
688
314248
10464
324712
45649560
98217
3921569
49669346
654

For the calculation of earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations,  the
weighted average number of shares as presented above has been used. 
If scheduled goodwill amortization would have been discontinued in 2004,  as occurred in 2005
due to the adoption of IAS 3 (see note 1),  basic and diluted earnings per share from continuing
and discontinued operations in 2004 would have been € 790 and € 747,  respectively. 

Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement
Notes Additional Information 
153

Notes Additional Information
…
29 … Segmental Information
…
The Group operates predominately in one industry segment,  the design,  wholesale and marketing of athletic and sports lifestyle products.  The Group is currently managed by brands and
on the basis of a regional structure. 
Certain functions of the Group are centralized and an allocation of these functions to specific
segments is not considered to be meaningful.  This includes mainly central treasury,  worldwide
sourcing and global marketing as well as other headquarter departments.  Assets,  liabilitiesincome and expenses relating to these corporate functions are presented in the Headquarter/
Consolidation column together with non-allocable items and the intersegment elimination. 
Compared to the 2004 annual financial statements,  the Salomon segment is shown in the
segmental reporting as discontinued operations.  The Group's reported segmental operating
results have been adjusted to reflect the new and revised International Financial Reporting
Standards concerning the inclusion of the operating items royalty and commission income and
goodwill amortization into the operating profit. 
Information about the Group's segments in accordance with the management approach is presented on the following pages. 

Financial Analysis 
154
Segmental Information by Brand € in millions 
2005
Net sales to third parties
Gross profit
in % of net sales
Operating profit 1)
Assets
Liabilities
Capital expenditure
Amortization and depreciation (excl.  goodwill amortization)

adidas
2004

5861
2654
453%

5174
2284
441%

709
312
440%

633
298
470%

693
2526
704
138
69

564
2089
603
85
56

50
692
110
17
13

48
619
62

11

Total Continuing Operations
2005
2004
Net sales to third parties
Gross profit
in % of net sales
Operating profit 1)
Assets
Liabilities
Capital expenditure
Amortization and depreciation (excl.  goodwill amortization)
1) 2004 figures have been adjusted to reflect the changes in IFRS. 

6636
3197
483%
707
5750
2957
200
112

5860
2813
480%
584
3780
2630
121
95

TaylorMade-adidas Golf
2005
2004

Discontinued Operations
2005
2004
360
137
381%
(21)

0
11


618
245
396%
(7)
654
169
19


HQ /Consolidation
2005
2004
66
232

53
232

(36)
2532
2143
45
30

(27)
1072
1965
27
28

2005

adidas Group
2004

6996
3334
477%
686
5750
2957
211
115

6478
3058
472%
577
4434
2799
140
102

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

Notes Additional Information 
155

Segmental Information by Region € in millions 
2005
Net sales
Intersegment sales
Net sales to third parties
Gross profit
in % of net sales
Operating profit 2)
Assets
Liabilities
Capital expenditure
Amortization and depreciation (excl.  goodwill amortization)

Europe 1)
2004

3179
13
3166
1542
485%

3095
27
3068
1434
463%

1606
45
1561
568
354%

1379
47
1332
483
350%

1526

1523
752
493%

1195

1192
593
497%

319

319
130
406%

224

224
87
390%

365
1376
553
57
43

291
1203
467
43
28

13
325
243
51
26


267
138
26
20

162
617
348
37
19

130
456
302
22
15

41
176
88

2

27
113
54

1

Discontinued Operations
2005
2004

2005

adidas Group
2004

9675
2679
6996
3334
477%
686
5750
2957
211
115

9039
2561
6478
3058
472%
577
4434
2799
140
102

HQ/Consolidation 1)
2005
2004
Net sales
Intersegment sales
Net sales to third parties
Gross profit
in % of net sales
Operating profit 2)
Assets
Liabilities
Capital expenditure
Amortization and depreciation (excl.  goodwill amortization)

2507
2441
66
205

2206
2162
44
216

126
3256
1725
50
22

135
1741
1669
29
30

1) Figures reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon segment. 
2) 2004 figures have been adjusted to reflect the changes in IFRS. 

North America 1)
2005
2004

Total Continuing Operations
2005
2004
9137
2501
6636
3197
482%
707
5750
2957
200
112

8099
2239
5860
2813
480%
584
3780
2630
121
95

2005

538
178
360
137
381%
(21)

0
11


Asia 1)
2004

940
322
618
245
396%
(7)
654
169
19


Latin America 1)
2005
2004

Financial Analysis 
156
Net sales to third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the revenues are realized.  Intersegment sales represent revenues to operational units not belonging to the same
region.  The global sourcing function is included in the Headquarter/Consolidation column. 
There are no sales between the brands.  Transactions between the segments are based on the
dealing-at-arm's-length principle. 
Segment assets include all operating assets and comprise mainly accounts receivable,  inventory as well as property,  plant and equipment and intangible assets.  Segment liabilities
comprise operating liabilities and consist principally of trade and other payables and accrued
liabilities and provisions.  Non-allocable items include financial assets,  assets and liabilities
relating to income taxes and borrowings,  which are included in the Headquarter/Consolidation
column. 
Capital expenditure,  amortization and depreciation relate to segment assets; the acquisition of
goodwill and the inception of finance leases do not affect capital expenditure. 
…
30 … Additional Cash Flow Information
…
As at September 30,  2005,  the Salomon business segment was divested (see also note 3).  Generally,  the fair value of the net assets approximated the book value of the net assets disposed. 
The assets and liabilities were as follows at the date of the disposal:

Financial Commitments for Promotion and Advertising € in millions 
Dec.  31
2005
Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total 
Dec.  31
2004

222
922
302
1446

213
691
238
1142

Commitments with respect to advertising and promotion maturing after five years have
remaining terms of up to eleven years from December 31,  2005. 
Information regarding commitments under lease and service contracts is also included in
these notes (see note 22). 

Cash Flow of Disposed Subsidiaries € in thousands
Dec.  31
2005
Cash
Inventories
Receivables and other current assets
Property,  plant and equipment
Goodwill and other intangible assets
Investments and other long-term assets
Accounts payable and other liabilities
Short-term borrowings
Long-term bank borrowings
Total value of assets/liabilities disposed
Less: cash of disposed subsidiaries
Total value of assets/liabilities disposed,  net of cash 
…
31 … Commitments and Contingencies
…
Other Financial Commitments
The Group has other financial commitments for promotion and advertising contracts,  which
mature as follows:

(10358)
(218769)
(271108)
(49694)
(138902)
(239)
202066

9865
(477139)
10358
(466781)

In 2005,  discontinued operations used cash in investing activities in an amount of € 9 million
(2004: € 19 million) and provided cash through financing activities in an amount of € 1 million
(2004: € 1 million). 

Litigation
The Group is currently engaged in various lawsuits resulting from the normal course of business,  mainly in connection with license and distribution agreements as well as competition issues.  The risks regarding these lawsuits are covered by accrued liabilities and provisions when
 reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made (see note 16).  In the opinion of
Management,  the ultimate liabilities resulting from such claims will not materially affect the
consolidated financial position of the Group. 

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

Notes Additional Information 
157

…
32 … Equity Compensation Benefits
…
Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) of adidas-Salomon AG
Under the share option plan adopted by the shareholders of adidas-Salomon AG on May 201999,  and amended by resolution of the Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2002,  and on May
13,  2004,  the Executive Board was authorized to issue non-transferable stock options for up to
1373350 no-par-value bearer shares to members of the Executive Board of adidas-Salomon
AG as well as to managing directors/senior vice presidents of its related companies and to
other executives of adidas-Salomon AG and its related companies until August 27,  2004.  The
granting of stock options was able to take place in tranches not exceeding 25% of the total
volume for each fiscal year. 
There is a two-year vesting period for the stock options and a term of approximately five years
upon their respective issue. 
The expense recognized for 2005 arising from share-based payment transactions amount to
€ 05 million and is recorded within the operating expenses. 
Management Share Option Plan (MSOP)

Tranche I (1999)
Exercise
No. 
Price in €
Originally issued
Outstanding as at Dec.  31,  2003
Forfeited during the period
Exercised during the period
Jan.  2004
Jul.  2004
Oct.  2004
Outstanding as at Dec.  31,  2004
Exercisable as at Dec.  31,  2004
Outstanding as at Dec.  31,  2004
Forfeited during the period
Exercised during the period
Jan.  2005
Jun.  2005
Oct.  2005
Outstanding as at Dec.  31,  2005
Exercisable as at Dec.  31,  2005
(See also note 21. )

Tranche II (2000)
Exercise
No. 
Price in €

266550
175550
12050

335100
172700
3600


0

163450
163450
163450
4450

41750
56450
46400
24250
24250
24250

8184
6487
4243


0
82950
76050
76050

6800
3950
800
12700
12700

2175
256
256

11626

Tranche III (2001)
Exercise
No. 
Price in €
342850
312000
18650

Tranche IV (2002)
Exercise
No. 
Price in €
340850
327150
25350

41550
94900
76200
80700
80700
80700
1900

8644
7297
5493

25000
23400
9500
20900
20900

3795
256
256


0
48000
253800
253800
253800
3200
49250
56255
71700
73395
73395

Tranche V (2003)
Exercise
No. 
Price in €
88000
87500
5000

9933
82500
82500
2500
9085
7267
256

41900
38100
38100

256

158
No further stock options were issued during the year under review. 
The stock options may only be exercised subject to the attainment of at least one of the following performance objectives:
(1) Absolute Performance: During the period between the issuance and exercise of the stock
options,  the stock market price for the adidas-Salomon AG share calculated upon the basis
of the total shareholder return approach has increased by an annual average of at least 8%. 
(2) Relative Performance: During the same period,  the stock market price for the adidas-Salomon AG share must have developed by an annual average of 1% more favorably than the stock
market prices of a basket of competitors of the adidas Group globally and in absolute terms
may not have fallen. 
The stock options may only be exercised against payment of the exercise price.  The exercise
price corresponds to the arithmetical mean of the closing prices of the adidas-Salomon AG
share over the last 20 trading days of the respective exercise period,  less a discount,  which
is composed of the absolute and relative performance components.  In any case,  the exercise
price shall be at least the lowest issue price as stated in § 9 section 1 of the German Stock
Corporation Act (AktG),  currently € 256. 
The option terms and conditions stipulate that the stock options may be used for existing common shares in lieu of new shares from the contingent capital,  or in the place of common shares
the discount is paid in cash. 
The new shares participate in profits from the beginning of the year in which they are issued. 
…
33 … Related Parties
…
Herbert Hainer,  CEO and Chairman of the Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG,  is also
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board of FC Bayern München AG.  The adidas Group holds
10% of the shares of FC Bayern München AG (see also note 13) and in addition has a promotion
contract with this club.  The terms of the promotion contract with this club are similar to those
with other clubs. 

Financial Analysis 
…
34 … Other Information
…
Employees
The average numbers of employees are as follows:
Employees 
Year ending December 31
2005
2004
Own retail
Sales
Logistics
Marketing
Central functions & administration
Production
Research & development
Information technology
Total 
4391
2878
2968
2084
2028
1489
935
491
17265

3386
2885
2884
1965
1952
1767
1038
465
16342

Accountant Service Fees
In 2005,  adidas-Salomon AG recorded € 05 million as expense for the professional service
fee for the auditor of the annual and consolidated financial statements.  Total audit fees for the
adidas Group amounted to € 28 million. 
Expenses for tax consultancy services provided by the auditor and for other services provided
by the auditor,  particularly with regard to the divestiture of the Salomon business segment
amounted to € 01 million and € 12 million,  respectively. 
Remuneration of the Supervisory Board and the Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG
Remuneration of Supervisory Board and former Executive Board Members € in thousands
Year ending December 31
2005
2004
Supervisory Board remuneration
Remuneration of former members of the Executive Board
Thereof:
Pension payments to former members of the Executive Board
Pension obligations regarding former members of the Executive Board 
294
1350

301
1352

1350
48550

1352
33403

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

Supervisory Board remuneration comprises only fixed components.  In addition to the total
remuneration stated above,  Henri Filho received € 03 million and Dr.  Hans Friderichs received
€ 02 million for additional advisory services for the years ending December 31,  2005 and 2004respectively. 
Executive Board Members' Compensation € in thousands 
Nonperformancerelated
component
Herbert Hainer
(Chairman of the Executive Board)
Glenn Bennett
Michel Perraudin
(until March 31,  2005)
Robin Stalker
Erich Stamminger
Total compensation in 2005
Total compensation in 2004 6)

1145
527 2)
123
452
751 5)
2998
3141

Performancerelated
components
(Performance
Bonus + LTIP
Bonus)

2210 1)
1085 1) 2)
105 3)
940 1)
1440 1)
5780
8235

Sharebased
component
(MSOP)

812
568 2)
211 4)
556
505
2652
3606

Total 
4167
2180 2)
439
1948
2696
11430
14982

1) Also contains accrued expenses in 2005 for the LTIP Bonus paid out in 2006 upon attainment of the targets. 
2) Also contains the tax equalization paid due to different tax rates in the USA and Germany. 
3) Also contains the 2005 Performance Bonus paid on a pro-rata basis. 
4) Contains only the compensation received through options exercised before March 31,  2005. 
5) Also contains additional reimbursement related to,  inter alia,  maintaining a second residence associated with Erich Stamminger's
function in the USA as CEO and President of adidas America Inc.  in a total amount of € 146000. 
6) Contains the compensation paid to the Executive Board members Herbert Hainer,  Glenn Bennett,  Manfred Ihle (until June 30,  2004)Michel Perraudin,  Robin Stalker and Erich Stamminger. 

The remuneration for the Executive Board is divided into fixed and variable components and
components with long-term incentive impact.  The variable components are contingent upon
the attainment of individual and Group targets. 
The variable components also comprise a further bonus under a Long-Term Incentive Plan
(LTIP),  the amount being linked to the attainment of certain goals during a three-year period. 
This bonus is dependent on the accumulated earnings improvement (income before taxes) in
the period 2003 to 2005 and the earnings increase in 2005 versus the prior year.  Provided the
targets are achieved,  payment will be made following approval of the consolidated financial
statements for the year ending December 31,  2005. 

Notes Additional Information 
159

Under the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) of adidas-Salomon AG,  members of the
Executive Board held non-transferable stock options on 11900 shares and 53000 shares of
adidas-Salomon AG as at December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively.  In addition,  former members of the Executive Board held non-transferable stock options on 5400 and 9400 shares of
adidas-Salomon AG as at December 31,  2005 and 2004,  respectively.  In 2005 and 2004,  members of the Executive Board did not receive any stock options.  In 2005,  current and former
members of the Executive Board exercised 29900 stock options (2004: 77600).  Details of the
Management Share Option Plan are also included in these notes (see note 32). 
…
35 … Information Relating to the German Corporate Governance Code
…
Information pursuant to § 161 German Stock Corporation Act (AktG)
On February 9,  2006,  the Executive Board and Supervisory Board issued the updated declaration of conformity in accordance with § 161 of the Stock Corporation Act (AktG).  The text of the
Declaration of Compliance is available on the Group's corporate website. 
…
36 … Events after the Balance Sheet Date
…
Group-Specific Subsequent Events
The acquisition of Reebok International Ltd.,  Canton,  Massachusetts (USA),  with all its direct
and indirect subsidiaries,  announced on August 3,  2005,  was completed on January 31,  2006. 
As a result,  the Reebok business will be consolidated as a separate brand segment within the
adidas Group from February 1,  2006,  which will have an impact on the Group's balance sheet
and cash flow statement. 
The total purchase price for 100% of the shares of Reebok International Ltd.  was US$ 385 billion (€ 32 billion),  fully paid in cash.  Further disclosures according to IFRS 3 would be impracticable because of the not yet finalized year-end audit of the Reebok Group for 2005 as well as
the ongoing purchase price allocation process on the basis of the opening balance sheet as at
January 31,  2006. 
Date of Authorization for Issue
The Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG approved the consolidated financial statements for
submission to the Supervisory Board on February 17,  2006.  It is the Supervisory Board's task
to examine the consolidated financial statements and give their approval and authorization for
issue. 
…
Herzogenaurach,  February 17,  2006 … The Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG
…

Financial Analysis 
160
Shareholdings of adidas-Salomon AG,  Herzogenaurach as of December 31,  2005

Currency 
Equity
(currency units
in thousands)

Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)

EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR

4160
36
26
383216

directly
directly
directly
directly 
90
100
100
100

Herzogenaurach (Germany)

EUR

25

directly 
100

Herzogenaurach (Germany)

EUR

4001

directly 
100

directly
directly
directly

directly
12
10
directly
11
12
12
12
12

100
100
9589
411
855
145
100
962
38
100
100
100
100

directly
17
directly
19
19
19
22
19
20

100
100
100
100
100
100
100
50
50

Company and Domicile

2

4

6

GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG
GEV Grundstücks-Beteiligungsgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH
adidas Versicherungs-Vermittlungs GmbH
adidas Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH
Immobilieninvest und Betriebsgesellschaft
Herzo-Base Verwaltungs GmbH
Immobilieninvest und Betriebsgesellschaft
Herzo-Base GmbH & Co.  KG

(Attachment I)


8


Europe (incl.  Africa and Middle East)
adidas Sport GmbH
Sarragan AG
adidas Austria GmbH

Cham (Switzerland)
Cham (Switzerland)
Klagenfurt (Austria)

CHF
CHF
EUR

29273
1556
17349

10

adidas Holding S. A.  (formerly adidas Salomon France S. A. )

Metz-Tessy (France)

EUR

130706

11
12

adidas Sarragan France S, a, r, l. 
adidas International B. V. 

Landersheim (France)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)

EUR
EUR

104299
1994978

13
14
15
16

adidas International Trading B. V. 
adidas Logistic Services B. V. 
adidas International Marketing B. V. 
adidas International Finance B. V. 
(formerly adidas-Salomon International Finance B. V. )
adidas Benelux B. V. 
adidas Belgium N. V. 
adidas (UK) Ltd. 1)
adidas (ILKLEY) Ltd. 1) 6)
Larasport (U.K. ) Ltd. 1) 6)
Sarragan (U.K. ) Ltd. 1) 6)
adidas Trefoil Trading (U.K. ) Ltd. 1) 6)
Three Stripes Ltd. 1) 6)

Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Moerdijk (Netherlands)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)

EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR

846105
(4746)
463248
2702

Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Brussels (Belgium)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)

EUR
EUR
GBP
GBP
GBP
GBP
GBP
GBP

21045
10563
71485
–
–
–
–
–

17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

Shareholdings 
161

Shareholdings of adidas-Salomon AG,  Herzogenaurach as of December 31,  2005

Currency 
Equity
(currency units
in thousands)

Basingstoke (Great Britain)
Basingstoke (Great Britain)
Dublin (Ireland)
Dublin (Ireland)
Zaragoza (Spain)
Monza (Italy)
Lisbon (Portugal)
Gjovik (Norway)
Stockholm (Sweden)
Helsinki (Finland)
Them (Denmark)
Prague (Czech Republic)
Budapest (Hungary)
Sofia (Bulgaria)
Moscow (Russia)
Warsaw (Poland)
Bucharest (Romania)
Riga (Latvia)
Bratislava (Slovak Republic)
Ljubljana (Slovenia)
Kiev (Ukraine)
Thessaloniki (Greece)
Istanbul (Turkey)
Istanbul (Turkey)
Dubai (United Arab Emirates)

GBP
GBP
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
NOK
SEK
EUR
DKK
CZK
HUF
BGN
USD
PLN
RON
EUR
SKK
SIT
USD
EUR
TRY
TRY
USD

(8833)
–
10804
6370
62656
166801
2787
49025
55370
2496
2819
296042
1622238
2160
71280
75614
38668
(1756)
187853
98450
11177
19643
40773
4683
41036

Cairo (Egypt)
Tel Aviv (Israel)
Cape Town (South Africa)
Nicosia (Cyprus)

USD
ILS
ZAR
CYP

(1823)
(7182)
70037
1355

Company and Domicile
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53

Taylor Made Golf Ltd.  2) (formerly Salomon Taylor Made Ltd. )
Taylor Made Great Britain Ltd.  2) 6)
adidas (Ireland) Ltd. 
adidas International Re Ltd. 
adidas Espana S. A.  (formerly adidas-Salomon Espana S. A. )
adidas Italy S, p. A. 
adidas Portugal S. A. 
adidas Norge A/S
adidas Sverige AB
adidas Suomi Oy
adidas Danmark A/S
adidas CR spol.  s, r, o. 
adidas Budapest Kft. 
adidas Bulgaria EAD
adidas Ltd. 
adidas Poland Sp.  z, o, o. 
adidas Romania S. R. L. 
adidas Baltics SIA
adidas Slovakia s, r, o. 
adidas Trgovina d, o, o. 
SC adidas Ukraine
adidas Hellas A. E. 
adidas Spor Malzemeleri Satis ve Pazarlama A. S. 
a-RET Tekstil ve Deri Ürünleri Tic.  A. S. 
adidas Emerging Market L. L. C. 
(formerly adidas-Salomon Emerging Markets L. L. C. )
adidas Egypt Ltd. 6)
adidas Israel Ltd. 
adidas (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd. 
adidas (Cyprus) Limited 
(Attachment I)

Share in capital
held by 7)
12
12
directly
12

12
12
directly
directly
12
12
directly
directly
directly

directly
12
12
directly
directly
directly
directly
12
13
11
indirectly
directly
directly
directly
directly 
in %
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
50
100
100
85
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
50
100
100
49
51
100
100
100
100

Financial Analysis 
162
Shareholdings of adidas-Salomon AG,  Herzogenaurach as of December 31,  2005

Currency 
Equity
(currency units
in thousands)

Portland,  Oregon (USA)

USD

518311

12

100

Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Carlsbad,  California (USA)
Boston,  Massachusetts (USA)
Toronto (Canada)

USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
CAD

36407
20920
75757
15009
7723
10107
(57)
21274
(439)
28820

54
54
54
54
54
54
54
54
directly
directly 
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100

Hong Kong (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Suzhou (China)
Shanghai (China)
Tokyo (Japan)
Tokyo (Japan)

USD
HKD
CNY
CNY
JPY
JPY

357233
157758
636435
110000
13790901
3806766

13
directly

12

12

100
100
100
100
100
100

Seoul (Korea)
Pusan (Korea)

KRW
KRW

69728000
–

directly
65

51
100

Seoul (Korea)
New Delhi (India)

KRW
INR

23486235
(651122)

directly
12
directly 
100

99

INR
IDR

–
(12208958)

74
indirectly 
914
92

Company and Domicile 
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64

North America
adidas North America Inc. 
(fomerly adidas-Salomon North America Inc. )
adidas America Inc. 
adidas Promotional Retail Operations Inc. 
adidas Sales Inc. 
adidas Village Corporation
adidas Interactive Inc. 
adidas International,  Inc. 
adidas Team Inc. 
Taylor Made Golf Co.  Inc. 
Ruby Merger Corporation 6)
adidas Canada Ltd (formerly adidas-Salomon Canada Ltd. )

73
74

Asia
adidas Sourcing Ltd.  3) (formerly adidas-Salomon Sourcing Ltd. )
adidas Hong Kong Ltd. 
adidas (Suzhou) Co.  Ltd. 
adidas China Ltd. 6)
adidas Japan K. K. 
Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Ltd. 
(formerly Salomon & Taylor Made Co.,  Ltd. )
adidas Korea Ltd. 
adidas Korea Technical Services Ltd.  3)
(formerly adidas-Salomon Korea Technical Services Ltd. )
Taylor Made Korea Ltd. 
adidas India Private Ltd.  4)

75

adidas India Marketing Private Ltd. 4)

76

P. T.  Trigaris Sportindo (adidas Indonesia)

65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72

(Attachment I)

New Delhi (India)
Jakarta (Indonesia)

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS)

Shareholdings 
163

Shareholdings of adidas-Salomon AG,  Herzogenaurach as of December 31,  2005

(Attachment I)

Currency 
Company and Domicile 
Equity
(currency units
in thousands)

77

adidas Malaysia Sdn.  Bhd. 

Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia)

MYR

22486

78
79
80
81

adidas Philippines Inc. 
adidas Singapore Pte.  Ltd. 
adidas Taiwan Ltd. 
adidas Holding (Thailand) Co.  Ltd. 

Manila (Philippines)
(Singapore)
Taipei (Taiwan)
Bangkok (Thailand)

PHP
SGD
TWD
THB

203696
11860
541537
140896

82
83
84

adidas (Thailand) Co.  Ltd. 
adidas Australia Pty.  Ltd. 
adidas New Zealand Ltd. 

Bangkok (Thailand)
Mulgrave (Australia)
Auckland (New Zealand)

THB
AUD
NZD

422023
17317
6532

85
86
87
88

Latin America
adidas Argentina S. A. 
adidas do Brasil Ltda. 
ASPA do Brasil Ltda.  3)
adidas Chile Ltda. 

Buenos Aires (Argentina)
São Paulo (Brazil)
São Paulo (Brazil)
Santiago de Chile (Chile)

ARS
BRL
BRL
CLP

64883
97178
–
11703790

89
90

adidas Colombia Ltda. 
adidas de Mexico S. A.  de C. V. 5)

Cali (Colombia)

COP

91
92
93
94

adidas Industrial S. A.  de C. V. 5)
adidas Latin America S. A. 
 Stripes S. A.  (adidas Uruguay) 6)
adidas Corporation de Venezuela,  S. A 6)

Mexico City (Mexico)
Mexico City (Mexico)
Panama City (Panama)
Montevideo (Uruguay)
Caracas (Venezuela)

MXN
MXN
USD
UYU
VEB

1) Sub-group adidas UK
2) Sub-group Taylor Made UK
3) Sub-group adidas Sourcing
4) Sub-group India
5) Sub-group Mexico
6) Companies with no active business. 
7) The number refers to the number of the company which maintains the shareholding. 

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

directly
12
directly
directly
directly
directly
indirectly
indirectly
12
directly 
60
40
100
100
100
49
51
100
100
100

18565717


4
65
directly

directly 
100
100
100
99

100

107703
(17083)
1088
(1865)
(15544)

directly
directly
directly
directly
directly 
100
100
100
100
100

164

Financial Analysis 
adidas Group Segmental Information: Seven-Year Overview € in millions 
2005
Brands
adidas
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets
Salomon
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets
Discontinued Operations 1)
Net Sales
Gross Profit
Operating Profit
Operating assets
1) Discontinued operations are shown as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon business segment. 

2004

2003

2002

2001

2000

1999

5861
2654
693
2526

5174
2284
564
2089

4950
2008
365
2172

5105
2004
343
2294

4825
1845
352
1954

4672
1907
391
2286

4427
1827
431
1987

709
312
50
692

633
298
48
619

637
290
67
391

707
345
74
433

545
281
63
316

441
221
44
219

327
160
30
156

–
–
–
–

–
–
–
–

658
264
35
521

684
279
39
581

714
313
63
679

703
296
61
566

587
233
32
533

618
245
(7)
654

–
–
–
–

–
–
–
–

–
–
–
–

–
–
–
–

–
–
–
–

360
137
(21)
–

Supplementary Information 
Segmental Information 
165

adidas Group Segmental Information: Seven-Year Overview € in millions 
2005

2004

2003

2002

2001

2000

1999

Regions 1)
Europe
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets 
3166
1542
365
1376

3068
1434
291
1203

3365
1383
534
1428

3200
1268
471
1396

3066
1153
444
1419

2860
1171
454
1107

2723
1133
382
1167

North America
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets 
1561
568
13
325

1332
483

267

1562
552
92
778

1960
742
162
969

1818
697
161
945

1906
729
177
862

1826
731
234
848

Asia
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets 
1523
752
162
617

1192
593
130
456

1116
525
191
447

1166
562
189
505

1010
481
170
743

875
416
129
455

663
301
96
390

Latin America
Net sales
Gross profit
Operating profit
Operating assets 
319
130
41
176

224
87
27
113

179
70
25
93

163
65
24
79

178
73
16
98

171
72
23
109

126
50
15
75

1) 2004 and 2005 reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon business segment. 

Financial Analysis 
166
Ten-Year Overview 
2005
Income Statement Data (€ in millions)
Net sales 2)
Gross profit 2)
Operating profit 2)
Royalty and commission income 2)
Financial result 2) 4)
Income before taxes 2) 4)
Income taxes 2)
Minority interests 2) 4)
Net income attributable to shareholders 3)
Income Statement Ratios
Gross margin2)
SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales 2)
Operating margin2)
Effective tax rate 2)
Net income as a percentage of net sales 3)
Interest coverage 2)
Balance Sheet Data (€ in millions)
Total assets 4)
Inventories
Receivables and other current assets
Working capital4)
Net total borrowings
Shareholders' equity4)

2004

2003

2002

2001

2000

1999

1998 1)

1997

1996

6636
3197
707
47
(52)
655
221
(8)
383

5860
2813
584
42
(59)
526
193
(7)
314

6267
2814
490
42
(49)
438
167
(11)
260

6523
2819
477
46
(87)
390
148
(14)
229

6112
2601
475
42
(102)
376
147
(21)
208

5835
2528
437
43
(94)
347
140
(25)
182

5354
2352
482
35
(84)
398
153
(18)
228

5065
2124
416
45
(115)
319
105
(9)
205

3425
1437
316
44
(16)
346
95
(14)
237

2408
960
192
49
(6)
227
55
(12)
161

480%
365%
100%
367%
55%
102

449%
356%
78%
380%
42%
84

432%
344%
73%
379%
35%
64

426%
333%
78%
390%
34%
49

433%
345%
75%
403%
31%
46

439%
338%
90%
384%
43%
61

419%
327%
82%
330%
40%
48

419%
318%
92%
275%
69%
212

398%
309%
80%
240%
67%
141

4434
1155
1425
1336
665
1544

4188
1164
1335
1433
1018
1285

4261
1190
1560
1445
1498
1081

4183
1273
1520
1485
1679
1015

4018
1294
1387
1417
1791
815

3587
1045
1234
1096
1591
680

3206
975
1026
(327)
1655
463

2224
821
592
11
738
717

1288
556
418
284
174
489

482%
365%
107%
337%
59%
184

5750
1230
1551
2576
(551)
2684

Supplementary Information 
Ten-Year Overview 
167

Ten-Year Overview 
2004

2003

2002

2001

2000

1999

1998 1)

1997

1996

(205%)
467%
1940%
2841%
1504%
241%
759%
886%
1425%
2112%
26
143%
493%

431%
348%
1104%
1941%
1063%
316%
684%
268%
884%
1564%
44
204%
275%

792%
307%
911%
1976%
1083%
337%
663%
208%
1008%
1874%
44
202%
221%

1385%
254%
754%
1969%
1076%
337%
663%
55%
991%
1853%
45
211%
168%

1655%
243%
778%
2093%
1059%
312%
688%
61%
960%
1874%
41
205%
167%

2196%
203%
662%
2077%
1013%
307%
693%
77%
904%
1850%
41
223%
170%

2340%
190%
549%
1834%
995%
345%
655%
55%
880%
1715%
49
335%
207%

3572%
144%
402%
683%
370%
360%
640%
22%
359%
768%
(155)
442%
205%

1030%
322%
921%
984%
479%
350%
650%
23%
339%
911%
3190
330%
358%

356%
379%
2054%
2206%
661%
185%
790%
59%
512%
1271%
85
329%
352%

Data Per Share
Share price at year-end (in €)
Basic earnings per share 3) (in €)
Diluted earnings per share 3) (in €)
Market capitalization at year-end (€ in millions)
Operating cash flow (in €)
Dividend per share (in €)
Dividend payout ratio (in %)
Number of outstanding shares at year-end (in thousands)

16000
819
773
8122
813
130 5)
159
50762

11875
688
654
5446
1168
130
189
45859

9030
572
572
4104
1432
100
175
45454

8230
504
504
3738
1177
100
198
45423

8430
460
460
3823
847
092
200
45349

6600
401
401
2993
(023)
092
229
45349

7455
502
502
3381
724
092
183
45349

9091
452
452
4123
264
084
186
45349

11888
522
522
5391
088
084
161
45349

6800
354
354
3084
226
056
158
45349

Employees
Number of employees at year-end 2)
Personnel expenses 2) (€ in millions)

15935
706

14254
637

15686
709

14716
758

13941
695

13362
630

12829
580

12036
513

7993
331

6986
240

2005
Balance Sheet Ratios
Financial leverage 4)
Equity ratio 4)
Equity-to-fixed-assets ratio 4)
Asset Coverage I 4)
Asset Coverage II 4)
Fixed asset intensity of investments
Current asset intensity of investments
Liquidity I 4)
Liquidity II 4)
Liquidity III 4)
Working capital turnover 4)
Return on equity 3) 4)
Return on capital employed 3)4)

1) Consolidated financial statements for 1998 include the Salomon group for the first time. 
2) 2004 and 2005 reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon business segment. 
3) Includes income from continuing and discontinued operations.  In 1998 before special effect of € 369 million for acquired in-process research and development expensed. 
4) 2004 and 2003 figures have been restated due to application of IAS 32 / IAS 39 and amendment to IAS 19 (see notes 20,  15 and 2,  respectively). 
5) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval 
168

Financial Analysis 
Financial Glossary 
Corridor Approach
 range of plus or minus 10% around a company's best estimate of post-employment benefit
obligations (IAS 19).  Outside that range,  it is not reasonable to assume that actuarial gains or
losses will be offset in future years. 

ABS (Asset-Backed Securities)
Securities (bonds or notes) backed by loan receivables,  accounts receivable or other quantifiable assets. 
ADR (American Depositary Receipt)
 negotiable certificate of a foreign-based company held by a US bank that entitles the holder
to all dividends and rights of the underlying stock.  ADRs are traded similarly to stocks on US
exchanges and provide a way for Americans to invest in foreign-based companies by buying
their shares in the USA instead of through an overseas exchange. 
Asset Coverage I & II
The extent to which a company's non-current assets cover its debt obligations.  Expressed as a
percentage.  They are calculated as follows:
Asset coverage I (%)  the sum of equity and non-current liabilities divided by non-current
assets. 
Asset coverage II (%)  the sum of equity and non-current liabilities divided by non-current
assets and inventories. 
Backlogs (also called Order Backlogs)
The value of orders received for future delivery.  At brand adidas,  orders are received approximately six months in advance,  depending on the season.  This information is used by the market
as an indicator of future sales performance. 
Commercial Paper
Tradable unsecured promissory notes issued for the purpose of short-term financing.  Commercial paper is issued on an ongoing,  revolving basis with maturities typically between seven
days and 12 months or more. 
Convertible Bond
 corporate bond that can be exchanged for a specific number of shares of the company's common stock.  Convertible bonds tend to have lower interest rates than non-convertibles because
they also accrue value as the price of the underlying stock rises.  In this way,  convertible bonds
reflect a combination of the benefits of stocks and those of bonds. 
Corporate Governance
The distribution of rights and responsibilities among different participants in a company,  in
particular shareholders,  the Executive Board,  the Supervisory Board. 

Cost of Sales
The costs of obtaining and manufacturing products.  This figure includes costs for raw materials plus the costs of production,  customs and delivery to our sales organizations. 
Currency-Neutral
Financial figures translated at prior-year exchange rates.  This indicates increases or decreases
to reported figures by eliminating variances arising from currency translation and is the best
indicator of underlying business performance. 
Current Asset Intensity of Investments
The current asset intensity of investments defines the percentage of total assets tied up in
current assets.  It is calculated by dividing current assets by total assets. 
Diluted Earnings Per Share (EPS)
Diluted EPS is a performance indicator that expresses a company's net income used to
determine diluted earnings per share in relation to the weighted average number of shares for
diluted earnings per share. 
Diluted EPS  (net income + interest expense on convertible bond net of tax)/(weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year + weighted share options + shares from
assumed conversion of convertible bond). 
Earnings Per Share (EPS)
Earnings per share is a performance indicator that expresses a company's net income in relation to the number of ordinary shares issued. 
Earnings per share  net income/weighted average number of shares outstanding during the
year. 
Equity Ratio
The equity ratio shows the role of shareholders' equity within the financing structure of a company.  It is calculated by dividing shareholders' equity by total assets. 
Equity-To-Fixed-Asset Ratio
The equity-to-fixed-asset ratio defines the percentage of non-current assets financed by equity. 
It is calculated by dividing equity by non-current assets. 
Fair Value
Amount at which assets are traded fairly between business partners.  Fair value is often identical to market price. 

Supplementary Information 
Financial Glossary 
169

Finance Lease
 method of acquiring an asset that involves a series of rental payments extending over the
whole expected lifetime of the asset. 

Institutional Investor
Entity with large amounts to invest,  such as investment companies,  mutual funds,  brokeragesinsurance companies,  pension funds,  investment banks and endowment funds. 

Financial Leverage
This ratio reflects the role of borrowings within the financing structure of a company.  It is calculated by dividing net total borrowings by shareholders' equity. 

Interest Coverage
The interest coverage ratio indicates the ability of a company to cover net interest expenses
with income before net interest and taxes.  It is calculated by dividing income before interest
and taxes by interest. 

Forward Contract
Agreement to exchange amounts of one currency for another currency at an agreed fixed rate
at a future date. 
Free Cash Flow
Free Cash Flow is calculated as net cash provided by operating activities minus capital expenditures.  It indicates a company's level of financial flexibility. 
Free cash flow  Operating profit income tax + depreciation capital expenditures +/– changes in working capital
Functional Currency
 currency in which a company conducts most of its business and reports its financial results
to the parent company or the investing public. 
Goodwill
An intangible asset that quantifies the price that a buyer of a company has paid for the reputation,  know-how and market position of the acquired company.  Goodwill is the excess of the
amount paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired at the purchase date. 
Gross Margin
The gross margin reveals how much a company earns taking into consideration the costs that
it incurs for producing its products and/or services. 
Gross profit  net sales cost of sales. 
Gross margin  (gross profit/net sales) x 100. 
Hedging
 strategy used to minimize exposure to changes in prices,  interest rates or exchange rates by
means of derivative financial instruments (options,  swaps,  forward contracts,  etc. ).  See also
natural hedges. 
IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards)
Reporting standards (formerly called IAS),  which have been adopted by the International
Accounting Standards Board (IASB),  an independent,  international organization supported by
the professional accountancy bodies.  The objective is to achieve uniformity and transparency
in the accounting principles that are used by businesses and other organizations for financial
reporting around the world. 

Interest Rate Caps
Option contracts which place an upper limit on a floating interest rate.  The writer of the cap is
required to pay the holder of the cap the difference between the floating rate and the reference
rate when that reference rate is exceeded.  There is a premium to be paid by the buyer of such
 contract as market price for the potential pay-out. 
International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee
An accounting body which rules on controversial accounting issues.  Its interpretations are
approved by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and,  once adopted,  are binding on all IFRS users. 
IPO (Initial Public Offering)
The first public placement of shares by a private company. 
Liquidity Ratios I-III
The liquidity ratio measures the extent to which a company can quickly liquidate assets to cover
short-term liabilities.  They are calculated as follows:
Liquidity I: The sum of cash and short-term financial assets divided by current liabilities multiplied by 100. 
Liquidity II: The sum of cash and short-term financial assets as well as accounts receivable
divided by current liabilities multiplied by 100. 
Liquidity III: The sum of cash and short-term financial assets as well as accounts receivable
and inventories divided by current liabilities multiplied by 100. 
Market Capitalization
The total market value of all outstanding shares.  It is calculated by multiplying the number of
shares by the current market price. 
Marketing Overhead
Comprises marketing personnel,  general and administrative costs. 
Marketing Working Budget
Promotion and communication spending including sponsorship contracts with teams and individual athletes,  as well as advertising,  retail support,  events and other communication activities,  but excluding marketing overhead expenses. 

170

Financial Analysis 
Minority Interests
The part of net income which is not attributable to a company.  Outside ownership interests in
subsidiaries that are consolidated with the parent company for financial reporting purposes. 

Private Placement
Placement of securities directly to institutional investors,  such as banks,  mutual funds,  insurance companies,  pension funds,  and foundations. 

Natural Hedges
An offset of currency risks that occurs naturally as a result of a company's normal operationswithout the use of derivatives.  For example,  revenue received in a foreign currency and used to
pay known commitments in the same foreign currency. 

Projected Unit Credit Method
The accounting method (IAS 19) used to calculate provisions for pensions and similar obligations.  It includes not only the pensions and vested interests accrued as at cut-off date,  but also
anticipated increases in salaries and pensions. 

Net Borrowings
Net borrowings are the portion of gross borrowings not covered by the sum of cash and shortterm financial assets. 
Net borrowings  long-term borrowings + short-term borrowings cash short-term financial assets. 

Promotional Expenses
Costs related to sponsorship of individual athletes,  teams,  federations and sporting events for
the promotion of a company's brand(s). 

Operating Expenses
Costs associated with running a business which are not directly attributable to the products
or services sold.  This refers to sales and marketing,  research and development,  as well as
general and administrative costs,  and depreciation of non-production assets. 
Operating Lease
Method of hiring assets over periods less than the expected lifetime of those assets.  An
operating lease is accounted for by the lessee without showing an asset or a liability on his
balance sheet.  Periodic payments are accounted for by the lessee as operating expenses for
the period. 
Operating Working Capital
The operating working capital measures the net operating assets that a company must procure
in order to finance its day-to-day business.  It is the sum of receivables and inventories minus
accounts payable.  (Also see working capital. )
Operating working capital  receivables + inventories accounts payable. 
Option
 financial instrument which ensures the right to purchase (call option) or the obligation to sell
(put option) a particular asset (for example shares or foreign exchange) at a predetermined
price (strike price) on or before a specific date. 
Over-The-Counter (OTC) Market
Over-the-counter means that the stock is not listed on a stock exchange.  In such cases,  brokers negotiate directly with one another over computer networks and by phone. 
Price-Earnings Ratio (P/E Ratio)
 stock's market price divided by its current or estimated future earnings per share.  The
P/E Ratio is used by investors as a fundamental measure of the attractiveness of a particular
security versus other securities.  The lower the ratio relative to another security or the average
of the stock market,  the lower the market's profit growth expectations. 

Retail Investor
An individual who purchases amounts of securities for him-/herself,  as opposed to an institutional investor. 
Return on Capital Employed (ROCE)
 measure of the returns that a company is realizing from its capital. 
ROCE  (IBT + financial result + extraordinary income)/(average of shareholders' equity +
minority interests + total net borrowings). 
Return on Equity (ROE)
An indicator of company profitability related to the shareholders' financing.  It is calculated by
dividing net income by shareholders' equity. 
Segmental Reporting
Information regarding the financial position,  results of operations in individual operating areas
and regions (segments).  This gives an indication of developments in the individual segments
and their contribution to a group's results. 
SG&A (Selling,  General and Administrative) Expenses
Expenses for sales,  marketing,  research and development,  as well as for logistics and central
finance and administration. 
Shareholder Value
 management concept that focuses strategic and operational decision-making on steadily
increasing a company's value for shareholders. 
Stakeholders
All parties that have a direct or indirect interest in a company's performance and results.  For
adidas-Salomon,  this includes consumers,  retailers,  distributors,  licensees,  supply chain
business partners,  shareholders,  employees,  international sports bodies,  non-governmental
organizations,  the media,  etc. 

Supplementary Information 
Synergies
Additional savings or revenue growth when one combined enterprise is created from two or
more separate parts. 
Tax Rate
The effective tax rate is the amount of taxes actually paid as tax as a percentage of income
before taxes (IBT). 
Working Capital
Working capital is a company's short-term disposable capital used to finance the day-to-day
operations of providing sporting footwear,  apparel and hardware to customers.  It is calculated
as current assets minus current liabilities. 
Working Capital Turnover
The working capital turnover ratio shows how often a working capital item was used in and
replaced by the generation of sales in the period under review.  The ratio shows how long working capital is tied up and is an indicator of the volume of capital needed.  The higher the ratiothe more positive it is deemed to be.  Working capital turnover  revenues/working capital. 

Financial Glossary
Industry and General Glossary 
171

Emerging Markets
The term refers to economies that are currently small,  but that have the potential for growth in
size and importance in coming years.  The definition applies to countries in Asia,  Latin AmericaEastern Europe and the Middle East,  such as former CIS countries,  Turkey,  Bulgaria,  Indonesia,  Philippines,  Mexico,  Malaysia,  Brazil,  India and Thailand. 
FIFA
World Football Federation ('Fédération Internationale de Football Association")
Fundamental Research
Fundamental research is an activity designed to broaden scientific and technical knowledge
not directly linked to industrial or commercial objectives. 
Hardware/Hard Goods
This category of sporting goods comprises all kinds of sports equipment that is used rather
than worn by the athlete,  such as balls and golf clubs. 
IAAF
International Association of Athletics Federation
IOC
International Olympic Committee 
Industry and General Glossary
Chassis
The chassis is the support element in footwear attached to the underside of the upper.  A shoe's
sole elements attached to the bottom of the chassis. 
Clearance Sales
Clearance sales are all those sales made outside the course of normal business terms,  arising from commercial decisions by management to clear excess stock usually through specific
channels and at a significant discount. 
Classics
Retro products that continue to be in demand because of their authentic unique heritage
style. 
COR
'Coefficient of restitution'.  A measurement of the clubface's ability to rebound the ballexpressed as a percentage that is determined by a ball's speed off the clubhead divided by the
speed at which it strikes the clubhead. 
Directional Accounts
High-profile boutiques and metropolitan accounts that target trendsetting sports lifestyle
consumers. 

Key Accounts
Wholesaler's or manufacturer's primary customers that account for large percentages of
sales. 
Make-To-Stock
The process of finishing goods on the basis of forecasts before an order is placed. 
Metalwood
Golf clubs (drivers and fairway woods) which are constructed from steel and/or titanium alloys. 
The name also pays homage to persimmon wood,  which was originally used in the creation of
these products.  This is the largest golf product category in terms of sales. 
MLB
Major League Baseball
MLS
Major League Soccer (MLS) is the United States professional soccer league. 
NBA
National Basketball Association 
172

Financial Analysis 
NFL
National Football League 
adidas Group Specific Glossary 
PGA
Professional Golf Association 
a3®
a3® is a three-dimensional energy management system consisting of several pieces that can
be placed under the forefoot and/or heel.  The pieces are tuned to a particular need such as
cushion and guidance for optimal performance. 

Product Licensees
Companies that are authorized to use the name of a brand or company to manufacture and
distribute products.  For adidas these products include sports watches,  sports eyewear,  toiletries and perfume. 

CGB
TaylorMade's CGB performance cartridge,  including five metal inserts,  centralizes clubhead
weight to concentrate the mass behind the hitting area to promote power and an easy launch. 
It is used in the rac™ CGB irons. 

Promotion Partnerships
Partnerships where consideration is passed to an individual athlete,  team or club in exchange
for the services of the party concerned in promoting the adidas Group,  or the sponsorship of
an event in the form of cash or promotional material. 

ClimaCool®
ClimaCool® is an integrated system of technologies that work together to regulate the athlete's
body temperature. 

Quick Response Fulfillment Program
This program enables manufacturers to optimize sales order processing to ensure that products are delivered to customers in the right quantity,  to the correct destination,  and at the
appropriate time. 

Clima® Apparel Line
An adidas apparel technology consisting of four styles to enhance the wearer's performance
and comfort for all weather conditions.  Available apparel styles are: ClimaLite®,  ClimaCool®ClimaWarm®,  ClimaProof®. 

Sell-Through
The sell-through is an indicator of how fast retailers are selling a particular product to the
consumer. 

Continuing Operations
The part of the adidas Group's business that was not divested in October 2005 (roughly equals
the segments adidas and TaylorMade-adidas Golf). 

Sourcing
The process of managing external suppliers in order to commercialize,  produce and deliver
final products to our customers. 

Discontinued Operations
The part of the adidas Group's business that was divested in October 2005 (roughly equals the
Salomon business segment). 

Supply Chain Management
The process of developing,  producing and transporting products to customers. 

Emerging Employees
adidas defines emerging employees as trainees,  interns and apprentices. 

Top-Value Brand
 brand at the upper end of value or budget market. 

PowerPulse™ Technology
Technology used in Predator® football boots that shifts the boot's centre of gravity closer to the
point of impact,  allowing more powerful shots on goal. 

Torque
The force which tends to cause rotation.  Torque is determined by multiplying the applied force
by the distance from the pivot point to the point where the force is applied. 
UEFA
Union of European Football Associations
WTO
World Trade Organization 
Ground Control System™ (GCS™)
GCS™ is the first actively functional midsole system that distinguishes vertical from horizontal
cushioning for more stability,  increased motion control and significantly reduced stress on
knees and ankles. 

Supplementary Information 
Inverted Cone Technology
The Inverted Cone,  which is milled directly onto the inner side of the clubface,  increases the
size of the club's COR Zone.  ICT allows a larger area of the face to deliver consistently higher
ball speed,  resulting in consistently longer drives. 
Modular Football Boot
This football boot concept allows players to customize,  adapt and tune their boots to any
weather,  any pitch and their very own personal style. 
Movable Weight Technology™
Movable Weight Technology™ allows the golfer to adjust the center of gravity in the clubhead
by moving two weight cartridges.  This gives the player the power to change the flight of the ball
by making the club draw-enhancing or neutral. 
Own-Retail Activities
Sales directly generated through a store operated by adidas.  adidas own retail includes concept stores,  concession corners,  e-commerce and factory outlets. 
Predator® Elements
adidas' football boot technology that uses strategically placed rubber elements.  The Power
Zone features strategically placed vertical rubber elements on top of the forefoot which give
more power behind every shot.  The Swerve Zone features strategically placed rubber elements
at the side of the football boot.  The elements give every shot and pass the swerve and control. 
rac™
TaylorMade's rac™ technology helps to channel impact energy to strategic areas of the clubhead,  promoting an outstanding feel.  It is the base technology of all of TaylorMade's irons. 
RE*AX Technology
TaylorMade RE*AX shaft features a technology developed by Fujikura,  maker of the No.  1 shaft
on the PGA Tour.  This technology reduces ovaling and creates greater stability from the top of
the shaft to the tip. 
Standards of Engagement
Set of guidelines for our suppliers that set minimum social,  environmental and health and
safety standards we expect them to achieve. 
TaylorMade Launch Control (TLC)
TLC gives players the freedom to change the driver's launch conditions by redistributing four
interchangeable weights in a variety of ways.  This gives golfers the power to choose from a
range of launch conditions,  promoting consistently longer and straighter shots. 

Industry and General Glossary
adidas Group Specific Glossary 
173

Thermal Bonding Technology
Thermal bonding interlocks the fibers of a football through the use of heat energy.  The heat
in the thermal bonding process softens the surface of the fiber.  At the melting point,  fibers
in contact with each other will form strong bonds,  which hold the fabric together.  As a resultfootballs are more consistent in shape.  Thermal bonding serves as replacement technology
for hand-sewn footballs. 
Vision Asia
Vision Asia is an internal strategic program based on six pillars to drive sales and profitability
in Asia.  Our focus is to deliver a real competitive advantage and cover the challenges of growthretail development,  sourcing capabilities,  marketing efficiency and the competition for talentsin which we are engaged in this region. 
World Class Supply Chain
World Class Supply Chain is an internal project to improve our end-to-end business performance allowing us to respond to market needs in a more meaningful and differentiated way. 

174
Index

Accounts receivable 89,  134,  138
Annual General Meeting 44
Assets 89 f.,  138 ff. 

Backlogs 105,  115 f. 
Balance sheet 89 ff.,  124
Balance sheet structure 90
Borrowings Cover,  92 f.,  118,  135,  140 f. 
Business environment 78 f. 

Capital expenditure 91,  105
Cash flow 91,  126 f.,  156
Cash flow statement 126 f. 
Compensation
… Executive Board 46 f.,  159
…
…
… Supervisory Board 47
…
…
Convertible bond 92 f.,  140 f.,  145 f. 
Corporate governance 42 ff.,  159
Cost of sales 82,  150

Declaration of Compliance 159
Derivative financial instruments 133
Discontinued operations 87 f.,  137
Dividend Cover,  27,  118,  146

Earnings per share 88,  153
Employees 84,  103,  109,  118,  158
Equity
… Equity ratio 91
…
…
… Statement of changes in equity 128
…
…
Exchange rates 79,  133
Executive Board
… Members 21,  52f. 
…
…
… Statement 122
…
…

Financial calendar Cover
Financial expenses 86,  151
Financial instruments 148 f. 
Financial leverage 91,  118
Financial statements 124 ff. 

Financials
… adidas 94 ff. 
…
…
… Group 78 ff. 
…
…
… TaylorMade-adidas Golf 98 ff. 
…
…
Financing structure 92 f. 
Fixed assets 90,  130

Global Operations 100 f. 
Goodwill 84,  97,  99,  134 f.,  139 f. 
Gross margin Cover,  82,  96,  99,  104 f.,  117,  119
Group Management Report 78 ff. 

Highlights,  financial Cover
Highlights,  operational and sporting 22 f. 

Income before taxes 86
Income statement 80 ff.,  125,  150 ff. 
Innovations 56 ff. 
Internal Management System 104 f. 
Interest rate 92 f.,  108,  149
Interview Herbert Hainer 16 ff. 
Inventories 89,  134,  138
Investor Relations 27,  Cover 

Operating expenses 83,  97,  99,  150
Operating margin Cover,  85,  97,  99,  104,  117,  119
Operating profit 85,  97,  99
Opportunities 111 f. 
Outlook 113 ff. 
Own-retail activities 84,  96,  109,  115

Pensions 136,  142 f. 
P+L statement see Income statement
Product launch schedule 114
Provisions 135,  142

Remuneration see Compensation Executive
Board/Supervisory Board
Research and development 102 f.,  109,  118,  135
Risk report 106 ff. 
Royalty and commission income 83,  97,  99


Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) 88,  144,  157
Market capitalization 25 ff. 
Marketing 66 ff. 
Marketing working budget 83,  150
MD+A see Group Management Report
Mission 30 f. 


Segmental reporting Cover,  153 ff.,  164 f. 
Seven-year overview 165
Share price performance 24 ff. 
Shareholder structure 27
Shareholders' equity 144 ff. 
Shareholdings 160 ff. 
Stock key data 24,  27
Stock options see Management Share Option Plan (MSOP)
Strategy
… adidas 34 ff. 
…
…
… Group 32 f. 
…
…
… TaylorMade-adidas Golf 37
…
…
Supervisory Board
… Committees 51
…
…
… Members 50 f. 
…
…
… Report 48 f. 
…
…
Subsequent events 88
Sustainability 108


Net income 87,  117
Net income attributable to shareholders Cover,  87
Net cash position 92
Notes 132 ff. 


Targets Cover,  117,  119
Taxes 151 f. 
Ten-year overview 166 f. 
Treasury 92 f. 


Leases 147
Liabilities 89 f.,  142 ff. 
Licensee revenues 81
Locations 38 f. 


Working capital management 104

Financial Calendar 2006
March 2
…
…
2005 Full Year Results … Analyst and press conferences … Press release,  conference call and webcast
…
…
April 11
…
Investor Day adidas Group Strategy and Brand Positioning … Conference call and webcast
…
May 9
…
First Quarter 2006 Results … Press release,  conference call and webcast
…
May 11
…
Annual General Meeting in Fürth (Bavaria),  Germany … Webcast
…
May 12
Dividend paid1)
August 9
…
First Half 2006 Results … Press release,  conference call and webcast
…
November 9
…
Nine Months 2006 Results … Press release,  conference call and webcast
…
1) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval 
adidas-Salomon AG
…
…
Adi-Dassler-Str.  1 … 91074 Herzogenaurach … Germany
…
…
…
Tel: +49(0)9132 84-0 … Fax: +49(0)9132 84-2241
…
www, adidas-Group, com
Investor Relations
…
Tel: +49(0)9132 84-2920 / 3584 … Fax: +49(0)9132 84-3127
…
e-mail: investor, relations[at]adidas, de
www, adidas-Group, com/investors
adidas is a member of DAI (German Share Institute)DIRK (German Investor Relations Association)
and NIRI (National Investor Relations Institute,  USA). 
This report is also available in German. 
For further adidas publicationsplease see our corporate website. 

Concept and Design
häfelinger+wagner design,  Munich 
© 2006 adidas-Salomon AG


