Annual Report 
09
adidas Group 
Every Product
tells a Story 
20
09

Financial Highlights 2009

N°

Financial Highlights (IFRS)

N°

Net sales 
01

02

€ in millions 
2009

2008

Change 
Operating Highlights (€ in millions)
Net sales
EBITDA
Operating profit
Net income attributable to shareholders 
10381
780
508
245

10799
1280
1070
642

(39%)
(391%)
(526%)
(618%)

Key Ratios (%)
Gross margin
Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales
Operating margin
Effective tax rate
Net income attributable to shareholders as a percentage of net sales
Operating working capital as a percentage of net sales 1)
Equity ratio
Financial leverage
Return on equity 
454%
423%
49%
315%
24%
243%
425%
243%
65%

487%
405%
99%
288%
59%
245%
355%
646%
189%

(33pp)
17pp
(50pp)
27pp
(36pp)
(02pp)
70pp
(403pp)
(124pp)

Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Data (€ in millions)
Total assets
Inventories
Receivables and other current assets
Working capital
Net borrowings
Shareholders' equity
Capital expenditure
Net cash from operating activities 
8875
1471
2038
1649
917
3771
240
1198

9533
1995
2523
1290
2189
3386
380
497

(69%)
(263%)
(192%)
278%
(581%)
113%
(368%)
1409%

Per Share of Common Stock (€)
Basic earnings
Diluted earnings
Operating cash flow
Dividend
Share price at year-end 
125
122
611
035 2)
3777

325
307
252
050
2714

(615%)
(602%)
1426%
(300%)
392%

39596
209216186
196220166

38982
193515512
197562346 3)

16%
81%
(07%)

Other (at year-end)
Number of employees
Number of shares outstanding
Average number of shares 
2005 4)
2006 5)
2007
2008
2009

6636
10084
10299
10799
10381

Net income attributable to shareholders
€ in millions 
2005 4)
2006 5)
2007
2008
2009

N°

03

383
483
551
642
245

1) Twelve-month trailing average. 
2) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 
3) After deduction of treasury shares. 
4)  eflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon

business segment. 
5)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

Targets 2009

Results 2009

Outlook 2010

Low- to mid-single-digit currency-neutral sales decline 
Net sales reach € 104 billion;
Group currency-neutral sales decrease 6%

Low- to mid-single-digit currency-neutral sales increase 
Bring major new concepts,  technology evolutions and
revolutions to market 
Major 2009 product launches:
adidas: 
 
adiSTAR® Salvation running shoe
  F50i football boot
Reebok: 
 EasyTone™ shoe
TaylorMade-adidas Golf: 
  R9™ metalwood,  Burner® family of irons
 Penta TP ball
Rockport: 
  DresSport® 2
Reebok-CCM Hockey: 
 U+™ Crazy Light Stick 
Bring major new concepts,  technology evolutions and
revolutions to market,  such as:
adidas:
 
F50 football boot
 
miCoach training system
Reebok:
 
ZigTech™ training shoe
TaylorMade-adidas Golf:
 
R9™ SuperTri Driver
Rockport:
 
TruWALK footwear collection
Reebok-CCM Hockey:
 
11K skates 
On a currency-neutral basis:
 
low- to mid-single-digit sales decline for adidas
segment
  least stable sales for Reebok segment
at
 
low-single-digit sales increase at TaylorMade-adidas
Golf 
On a currency-neutral basis:
 
Wholesale segment sales decline 9%
 
Retail segment sales increase 7%
 
Total adidas brand sales decline 5%
 
Total Reebok brand sales decline 8%
 
Sales of Other Businesses decline 4%
 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf revenues decline 2%

On a currency-neutral basis,  sales to increase:
  a low- to mid-single-digit rate for Wholesale
at
segment
  a high-single-digit rate for Retail segment
at
  a low-single-digit rate for Other Businesses
at 
Gross margin decline (2008: 487%)

Gross margin: 454%

Increase gross margin to a level between 46% and 47%

Operating margin decline (2008: 99%)

Operating margin: 49%

Increase operating margin to a level around 65%

Reduce operating working capital as a percentage of
sales (2008: 245%)

Operating working capital as a percentage of sales
improves to 243%

Further reduction of operating working capital as a
percentage of sales 
Capital expenditure range € 300 million – € 400 million 
Capital expenditure: € 240 million 
Capital expenditure range € 300 million € 400 million 
Reduce net borrowings (2008: € 2189 billion)

Net borrowings reduced substantially to € 917 million;
year-end financial leverage: 243%

Further reduction of net borrowings;
net borrowings/EBITDA ratio to be maintained below 2

Net income attributable to shareholders and diluted
earnings per share decline (2008: € 642 million and
€ 307,  respectively)

Net income attributable to shareholders declines 62%
to € 245 million;
diluted earnings per share decline 60% to € 122

Diluted earnings per share to increase to a level
between € 190 and € 215

Further increase shareholder value 
adidas AG share price increases 39%;

Further increase shareholder value 
dividend of € 035 per share (subject to
Annual General Meeting approval)

Every Product tells a Story
We know the passion and heart that goes into sport.  The effort and skill that goes into
being the best.  We are privileged to be part of so much.  2009 was adidas' 60th birthday20 years since the birth of Reebok's legendary 'The Pump™" and the 30th anniversary
since TaylorMade's metalwoods revolutionised the world of golf.  All reminding us of the
heritage and inspirational events we have experienced.  Of stories about the greatest talents
performing in our products.  Moments that our brands have shaped and our products have
helped achieve.  These stories fuel our passion,  our spirit for innovation,  our ambition to be
better,  in our products,  in our business,  in everything we do.  Ensuring our products continue
making sporting history.  Every product tells a story. 

F50i TUNiT™
Lionel Messi is the best-known F50 player
in the world.  He knows he can rely fully
on this boot.  It is the first football boot with
 single-layer upper,  the SprintSkin.  The
incorporated lace cover provides a perfect
contact surface; the synthetic material is
supple and water-repellent.  The TUNiT™
technology enables players to combine
single components individually to adapt to
their specific needs,  the weather and the
ground. 

20
09
lionel messi
ARGentina 
 ROME,  ITALY May 27,  2009
It's the 70th minute of the UEFA Champions League
Final.  Xavi centres the ball.  Messi jumps up to score
 phenomenal header,  the second goal for Barcelona
­
and also the decisive goal of the match: 2-0 for
FC Barcelona against titleholders Manchester United. 
Overjoyed,  he kisses his new F50i.  The picture goes
around the world.  Messi is later in the year awarded
European Player of the Year and FIFA World Player
of the Year. 

Every Product tells a Story    adidas 

 3

NFL Pro Lite Fade Gloves
This full compression glove with a one-piece
back for uncompromised fit incor­ orates

the Griptonite™ MAX all-weather palm
treatment,  providing a secure grip in all
conditions.  Santonio Holmes' touchdown
proved the effectiveness of the Griptonite™
MAX treatment.  In addition,  a single-layer
mesh with Ultra-lite technology has been
incorporated to increase air flow and

­ oisture wicking,  while the Keystone
thumb with independent construction adds
support and durability. 

20
09
Santonio
Holmes
USA

 TAMPA BAY/FLORIDA,  USA February 1,  2009
35 seconds remaining.  23-20 against the Pittsburgh
Steelers at the Super Bowl XLIII.  Roethlisberger
passes the ball to Santonio Holmes who is surrounded
by Arizona Cardinals defenders.  Holmes manages to
pull down the pass just inside the corner of the end
zone.  Touchdown.  Holmes is the man of the matchthe MVP.  Afterwards,  he autographs his winning
gloves which are then auctioned,  benefiting the Sickle
Cell Disease Association of America,  Inc. 

Every Product tells a Story    Reebok 

 5

r7® TP Iron
Excellent iron play was critical to Yong-Eun
Yang's victory at the 2009 PGA Championshipwhere he played the TaylorMade r7® TP,  the
first iron to incorporate TaylorMade's Inverted
Cone Technology (ICT).  Originally developed
for TaylorMade drivers,  ICT increases the area
of the clubface that delivers high ball speedpromoting greater forgiveness and distance on
off-centre hits.  ICT has proved so valuable that
it has been incorporated into every TaylorMade
iron since the r7® TP,  including the current
Burner ®,  R9™ and R9™ TP models. 

20
09
Yong-Eun
Yang
South KORea 
 
HAZELTINE/MINNESOTA,  USA August 16,  2009
Yong-Eun Yang hits a towering shot.  197 yards.  A burst
of emotion.  Yang acts out his feelings.  He now knows
he can win.  Indeed,  it's this drive which clinches victory
for Yang at the PGA Championship,  making him the first
golfer to overtake Tiger Woods in a major championshipin which Woods led until the final round. 

Every Product tells a Story    TaylorMade 

 7

adiZero™ HJ
Blanka Vlasic is a dedicated adiZero™ HJ
wearer.  This lightweight shoe,  personalised in her individual colours,  ensures
higher energy transfer through the use
of an aerodynamic lace cover.  The lowcut design and the upper support on the
medial side provide greater mobility
­
and perfect protection for the ankle in
the take-off phase.  The adiZero™ HJ: a

­ inner's shoe. 

20
09
Blanka
Vlasic
CROatia 
 
BERLIN,  GERMANY August 20,  2009
The gripping duel between high jump world champion titleholder
Blanka Vlasic and her German rival Ariane Friedrich captivates
the stadium.  Both are inspired to win.  The tension is palpable. 
Friedrich gambles.  But Vlasic takes gold the only high jumper
to clear 204m at the IAAF World Championships.  An emotional
moment for Blanka Vlasic and the huge crowd in the stadium. 

Every Product tells a Story    adidas 

 9

Table of Contents 
To Our Shareholders 
01

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP

02

Operational and Sporting Highlights 2009  14

Corporate Mission Statement. ....................................................................  48

Interview with the CEO  18

Our Brands  49

Executive Board  24

Major Locations and Promotion Partnerships  50

Supervisory Board.......................................................................................  26

Group Strategy  52

Supervisory Board Report  28

Global Sales Strategy  54

Declaration on Corporate Governance including the
  Corporate Governance Report  33

  Wholesale Strategy  54

Compensation Report  38

Global Brands Strategy  58

Our Share  42

  Retail Strategy  56
  adidas Strategy  60
  Reebok Strategy  70
TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy  76
Rockport Strategy  82
Reebok-CCM Hockey Strategy  84
Global Operations  88
Research and Development  92
Employees  97
Sustainability  102

10 

  Table of Contents 
03

04

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT FINANCIAL Review 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Internal Group Management System  108

Responsibility Statement  164

Group Business Performance  112

Auditor's Report  165

Economic and Sector Development  112

Consolidated Balance Sheet  166

Income Statement  115

Consolidated Income Statement  167

Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Statement  122

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and Expense  168

Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 of the
  German Commercial Code  125

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  168

Treasury  128

Notes  170

Business Performance by Segment
Business Performance Wholesale  132
Business Performance Retail  134

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  169
Statement of Movements of Intangible and Tangible Assets  211
Shareholdings  212

Business Performance Other Businesses  137
Risk and Opportunity Report  140
Subsequent Events and Outlook  156

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

05

Ten-Year Overview  220
Glossary  222
Index  227
Publishing Details/Contact  228
Financial Calendar 2010  229

Table of Contents 

  11

Bislett Pole Vault Spikes
The Reebok Bislett Pole Vault spikes with
incorporated midfoot strap provide the
ultimate support and this came at just the
right time for injured Steven Hooker at the
IAAF World Championships in 2009.  Additional features include a sharkskin outsolewhich ensures lightweight traction,  and the
Pebax seven-spike plate,  which improves
power generation and energy efficiency. 
Personalised and optimised,  Steven Hooker
was able to clear 590m with this competition shoe. 

20
09
Steven
Hooker
AUStralia 
To Our Shareholders 
01

Operational and Sporting Highlights 2009  14
Interview with the CEO  18
Executive Board  24
Supervisory Board.......................................................................................  26
Supervisory Board Report  28
Declaration on Corporate Governance including the
  Corporate Governance Report  33
Compensation Report  38
Our Share  42

 
BERLIN,  GERMANY August 22,  2009
 groin injury makes every movement a pain for
Steven Hooker at the IAAF World Championships. 
But giving up is not an option.  He fails with his first
attempt.  The bar is at 590m.  Hooker prepares for
his second and last run-up.  The pressure is on a
physical and mental fight.  He clears the height and
scales the next level after his Olympic triumph in
2008: He becomes World Champion in the men's pole
vault for the first time. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Overview 

  13

To Our Shareholders 
01

Operational and Sporting Highlights 2009

04

01

06

03

02

07

05

January 
February 
March 
1201.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf signs 17 new players to use 
0102.  In an all-adidas final,  the French national handball 
TaylorMade equipment on the PGA Tour for the 2009 season. 
1901.  ­ aylorMade introduces the R9™ and R9™ TP drivers,  which

combine the well-proven Movable Weight Technology™ with Flight
Control Technology.   2601.  adidas unveils the new NBA All-Star
Game uniforms,  featuring a number of technological enhancements.   3001.  Reebok unveils SmoothFit™ SelectRide™,  an

­nnovative two-in-one shoe that can be changed from a running
shoe into a training shoe at the push of a button. 

team wins the Handball World Championship title,  beating host
nation Croatia  Picture 01.   0102.  adidas ­ riginals and MTV

Europe start a collaboration,  including a Facebook contest and
 TV and online ­ ampaign.   0102.  Reebok sponsored football

player Santonio Holmes is named Most Valuable Player after
­
catching the ­ ecisive touchdown pass for the Pittsburgh Steelers

­
in the Super Bowl XLIII  ­ icture 02.   1402.  adidas Basketball

s
­ ponsors the NBA All-Star weekend watched by millions of viewers all over the world  Picture 03.   1502.  On the occasion of
the New York Fashion Week,  adidas opens its first adidas SLVR
­
store  ­ icture 04.   2502.  ­ eebok and Cirque du Soleil launch

R
JUKARI Fit to Fly™,  a new workout for women  Picture 05. 

0103.  Reebok launches EasyTone™,  an innovative technology that
helps tone key leg and butt muscles  Picture 06.   1003.  adidas 
14 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Operational and Sporting Highlights 2009

Golf introduces FitRX and FitRX SPORT,  two new shoes ­ eaturing

custom footbed technology to enhance support and provide personalised comfort  Picture 07.   1603.  Numerous celebrities
such as Mischa Barton and Jenny Garth experience Reebok's newly
­
launched JUKARI Fit to Fly™ in Los Angeles.   1803.  Reebok-CCM
Hockey presents its 2009 product line at the 'Let's Play Hockey"
Expo in St.  Paul,  Minnesota,  with more than 30000 visitors. 
1903.  adidas Outdoor launches the 'Outdoor is everything"

­ ampaign featuring extreme climbers Alexander and Thomas
Huber,  also known as the 'Huber Brothers".   2503.  adidas and
the Russian Football Union unveil the new jersey of the Russian
National Football Team in Moscow. 

01

02

03

06

04

05

April 
May 
June 
0704.  adidas opens its first South East Asian adidas SLVR store
in ­ angkok,  Thailand  Picture 01.   1604.  adidas and the


0605.  adidas and the DFL (German Football League) announce that 
2306.  Last year's BMW International Open ­ inner Martin Kaymer

is to join TaylorMade-adidas Golf's Tour Staff.   2306.  ­ umerous



­ oston Athletic Association (B. A. A. ) extend their contract which
keeps adidas as the Official Supplier and Outfitter of the Boston
­ arathon.   2004.  The new 10K Sickick II,  Reebok's lightest hockey

stick ever,  hits retailers' shelves  Picture 02. 

adidas will provide the official match ball as of the 2010/2011
season.   1205.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf opens the TaylorMade
Center of Excellence™ in Herzogenaurach in the presence of

­ ergio Garcia and Franz Beckenbauer  Picture 03.   1305.  Reebok
launches the 'Your Reebok" iPhone applet which enables users to
customise and buy their self-designed shoes through their mobile
phone.  1305.  ­ aylorMade introduces the R9™ 460 driver,  which

combines ­ aylorMade's renowned Flight Control Technology with a

460cc titanium clubhead and an extremely lightweight graphite shaft
 ­ icture 04.   2205.  Reebok unveils its new workout concept JUKARI

Fit to Fly™ at the Russian Fitness Festival in Moscow.   2505.  adidas
launches the new global football campaign 'Every team needs the
spark" with Zinedine Zidane and Lionel Messi  Picture 05. 

female celebrities such as Karina Smirnoff,  the Kardashians
and DJ Samantha Ronson gather in Los Angeles to celebrate
­

­ eebok's ­ asyTone™.   2506.  ­ eebok-CCM Hockey enters into

R
multi-year partnership agreements with the top three 2009 NHL
Draft picks John Tavares,  Victor Hedman and Matt Duchene.  
­
2706.  ­ didas sponsored swimmer Britta Steffen sets a new world

record in the 100m freestyle finals of the German Championships.  
2906.  Vogue, com names JUKARI Fit to Fly™ the 'Best New Indoor

­ orkout".  3006.  ­ didas and Reebok participate in the Bread &

B
­ utter fashion and lifestyle trade show in Berlin  Picture 06. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Operational and Sporting Highlights 2009 

  15

03

01

05

04

02

July 
August 
September 
0107.  adidas introduces the new adilibria collection,  incorporating 
1508.  The IAAF World Championships in Berlin begin.  adidas 
0209.  TaylorMade introduces Penta TP,  a new tour ball designed to 
the new Skintex® technology which contains vitalising essential oils
­
and vitamin E extracts to reawaken the senses.   1507.  Reebok and
supermodel Bar Rafaeli launch Reebok's highlight shoe EasyTone™
throughout Europe  Picture 01.   2407.  adidas and UEFA announce
the extension of their long-term partnership for the UEFA Champions
League and also an agreement for the newly created UEFA Europa
League as well as for the UEFA Super Cup. 

and ­ eebok are highly visible throughout the whole event. 

1608.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf Tour Staff professional Yong-Eun
Yang wins the US PGA Championship  Picture 02.   1608.  R&B
superstar MC ­ abolous and Reebok team up to debut the Reebok

Classic Remix footwear collection,  sold exclusively at select Foot
Locker locations throughout the USA.   1808.  ­ didas celebrates

its greatest moments to mark its 60th anniversary.  Adi Dassler
registered his company 'Adolf Dassler adidas Sportschuhfabrik"
in August 1949  ­ icture 03.   2108.  Reebok Russia celebrates

the launch of Alexander Ovechkin's Reebok apparel line called the
Ovechkin Signature Collection. 

deliver a superior balance of performance in five key shot categories
 Picture 04.   0209.  adidas Group is awarded No.  2 in the DAX-30
category and No.  3 overall in the German Manager Magazin 'Best
Annual Reports 2009" ranking.   0409.  For the tenth consecutive time,  adidas AG is selected to join the Dow Jones Sustainability
Group Indexes.   1009.  The adidas sponsored German women's
football team celebrates its victory at the UEFA WOMEN'S EURO
2009™ in Helsinki  Picture 05.   2109.  adidas and UEFA announce
the extension of their long-term partnership for UEFA EURO 2012™
and UEFA EURO 2016™.   2109.  In support of the peace initiative
PEACE ONE DAY,  employees of adidas and PUMA as well as the CEOs
of both companies,  Herbert Hainer and Jochen Zeitz,  play football
together.   2809.  adidas announces its partnership with the European Rugby Cup. 

16 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Operational and Sporting Highlights 2009

01

02

04

03

06

05

07

October 
November 
December 
0610.  TaylorMade becomes the No.  1 selling iron brand in golf in
the USA.   1210.  adidas Golf debuts the Tour360 40,  ­ncorporating
 
0311.  Top Five ranked tennis star Andy Murray,  the winner of
­
13 ATP titles to date,  signs a long-term contract with adidas.  
­
0511.  ­ eebok athlete and New York Yankees starting pitcher

Andy Pettitte leads his team to a record 27th World Series title.  
0711.  ­ didas Group signs a memorandum with Nobel Peace Prize

Laureate Professor ­ uhammad Yunus,  committing to a social busiM
ness model.   1011.  adidas launches the new German football
jersey  ­ icture 05.   1311.  ­ didas and Justine Henin announce the

a
renewal of their partnership.  After an 18-month break from competitive tennis,  Henin is striving for further big wins.   1911.  The
­
adidas golf adventure 'Wear in the World" tests adidas Golf apparel
at the world's most extreme golf courses. 

0312.  Fernando Verdasco wears personalised mi adidas ­ arricade


THiNTech™ low-profile technology and a new ultra-thin cleat
attachment mechanism for more stability and more consistency
 Picture 01.   1510.  adidas presents the Basketball campaign
for the 2009/2010 NBA season: 'It's on me for my brotherhood"
 Picture 02.   2410.  Reebok launches its first major TV campaign
in the USA since 2007,  highlighting the benefits of EasyTone™
 Picture 03.   2610.  adidas releases the PREDATOR®X,  marked
by its incorporated OptiFit and the new PowerSpine technology to
provide better fit and greater control in movement and ball handling   Picture 04. 

 shoes at the Davis Cup Final and wins with the Spanish national

­ ennis team 5-0 against the Czech Republic.   0412.  ­ didas launches

JABULANI,  the official match ball of the 2010 FIFA World Cup™. 
With eight thermally bonded 3-D panels and a Grip n'Groove ProfileJABULANI is perfectly round,  more accurate and more stable than
any ball ever before  Picture 06.   0412.  The adidas Group presents
its redesigned website  www, adidas-Group, com.  The centrepiece
of the new website is the section 'Spirit of Sport" which contains
stories about the brands,  products and athletes of the adidas
Group.   1012.  ­ didas and Disney announce a new product line

for infants and children,  combining adidas Kids top performance
products with classic Disney characters  Picture 07. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Operational and Sporting Highlights 2009 

  17

Interview with the CEO
In 2009,  the sporting goods industry faced unprecedented challenges.  However,  the adidas Group rose to the occasion.  Despite
 decline in sales and profitability,  the Group generated record levels of cash from operations and significantly improved its
financial position.  During the year,  the Group also completed a major reorganisation,  setting a strong foundation for sustainable
long-term growth.  In the following interview,  Herbert Hainer,  adidas Group CEO,  reflects on 2009 and discusses the strategic
and financial outlook as the Group shapes up to return to growth in 2010. 

Question
Herbert,  against a difficult economic
backdrop what do you think was the
Group's biggest achievement in 2009?

Herbert Hainer
Without question,  2009 was the most difficult year since I became CEO of the Group. 
We got off to a weak start as profitability declined substantially and inventories
and net borrowings were simply too high.  However,  we rose to the challenge and
moved swiftly to tackle these issues,  driven in particular by a high focus on cash
generation.  The results speak for themselves.  Despite a 53% decline in operating
profit,  we generated a 141% increase in net cash from operations for a record
€ 12 billion.  This is definitely the outstanding achievement of the year and a credit
to all the hard work and dedication of our employees. 
Balance sheet improvements were key to this success.  Inventories were
reduced by an industry-leading 27% currency-neutral and are now at their lowest
levels since 2005.  And our net debt level has fallen to € 917 million,  representing
 financial leverage of 243%.  This means we have already more than achieved
our medium-term goal of financial leverage below 50%.  As a result,  we go into
2010 in a much improved position and can fully focus our energy on returning our
business to growth. 

18 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Interview with the CEO

Herbert Hainer 
Question
Profitability declined significantly
in 2009.  Can you outline the main
reasons for this?

 decline in gross margin of over three percentage points to
454% was the primary reason for the bottom-line decrease
we suffered in 2009.  There were three main reasons for
this.  Firstly,  input costs increased sharply versus the
prior year as a consequence of record-high raw material
prices and significant wage cost pressures in 2008 which
affected our product costs for 2009.  Equally important was
the devaluation of the Russian rouble,  which depreciated
considerably versus the US dollar,  our functional currency
for the Russian market.  As we were not able to compensate
the top-line effect with price increases,  this development
squeezed gross profit by over € 200 million.  Thirdly,  excess
inventories at the beginning of the year meant we had to
take extra measures to clear stock at lower margins.  This
was due to our commitment to product orders prior to a full
understanding of the magnitude of the economic downturn
in late 2008. 
The decisive steps we started to take in late 2008 and
during 2009 to increase operational efficiency have certainly
helped us mitigate some of these effects.  But at the same
time,  we had to get the balance right between cutting costs
and maintaining investments in areas such as controlled
space,  promotion partnerships and product innovation to
support future growth.  I believe we definitely found the right
balance in 2009,  and we will see material benefits from our
actions in 2010 and beyond. 

Question
What were the key highlights at your
major brands in 2009?

Herbert Hainer
Although our Group revenues declined 6% currency-neutral
in 2009,  I believe all of our brands have made the most out of
the difficult environment,  with each in some way enhancing
its market position.  For adidas,  in the year we celebrated the
60th anniversary of the brand,  the key highlight was achieving
9% currency-neutral revenue growth in our adidas Sport Style
division to a new record sales level of € 165 billion.  In additionwe again showed our prowess in football as we successfully
launched many of our FIFA World Cup™ initiatives in the fourth
quarter,  which had an immediate impact driving football sales
up 27% currency-neutral for the quarter.  At Reebok,  after
four years of hard work,  we are finally seeing the first real
commercial successes from our product and creative efforts
to reposition the brand.  We are leading the industry in the
emerging toning category which experts are tipping as the
next billion dollar category.  Reebok has made a big statement
here with the introduction of the EasyTone™.  In 2009 we overachieved our sales target three-fold,  and we expect to sell
several million pairs of toning footwear in 2010.  At TaylorMadeour unrivalled innovation pipeline has again paid off to
tremendous success.  We have extended our market share lead
in metalwoods and taken significant market share from our
major competitors in a host of categories,  most notably in irons
where we are now the market leader in the United States. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Interview with the CEO 

  19

Question
How have you used the crisis to make
the Group stronger for the future?

Herbert Hainer
Crisis always expedites the need for change and we have
done a lot this year to build a more efficient structure to drive
our business forward.  Some measures were reactionary
to the crisis,  to rein in costs,  such as our hiring freeze in
all non-retail-related functions and business travel cuts. 
Others,  however,  were more fundamental and already in
motion prior to the crisis.  Since mid-2008,  we have been
re-evaluating our Group structure to find new opportunities
to make our Group leaner,  more efficient and stronger.  The
result has been a move from a vertically integrated brand
structure into a function-related structure for the adidas and
Reebok brands,  creating a Global Sales function responsible
for the commercial activities and a Global Brands function
responsible for the marketing activities of both brands. 
In addition,  the Global Sales organisation was split into
Wholesale and Retail,  to cater more appropriately to the
different needs of these two distinctive business models. 
This new structure follows two important principles: to foster
further alignment and strengthen brand management,  while
at the same time ensuring coordinated and best practice
execution in the marketplace.  These changes will start to
positively influence our brands and enhance our flexibility and
speed-to-market already from 2010. 

Herbert Hainer
Our strategic vision for Retail is to become one of the most proficient retailers
in the world by delivering healthy,  sustainable growth with outstanding return
on investment.  Prior to 2002,  our retail operations were mainly limited to factory
outlets.  Since then,  the portion of own retail has grown substantially and today we
operate over 2200 stores for the adidas and Reebok brands worldwide.  We have
learnt a considerable amount from our experience in retail which has benefited
our entire business and been a meaningful profit contributor along the way. 
However,  we are by no means a leading retailer and,  as a natural consequence of
its size and relevance to our future financial performance,  we must put an even
greater focus on becoming a better and,  to a certain extent,  a more commercially
driven retailer. 
That is why in 2009 we established a new leadership team for retail led
by a seasoned industry professional.  This team is mandated to create global
retail guidelines that enable higher efficiency and a common framework to drive
long-term profitability for the adidas and Reebok retail operations around the
globe.  In the short term this will require additional investment in people and
IT infrastructure as we strive to create greater retail competency in areas such as
product merchandising,  real estate management and store processes.  At the same
time we will also continue to selectively open and remodel retail stores to continue
growing our retail footprint,  with about 150 planned new store openings and
around 200 store remodellings in 2010.  With a more consolidated business modeldriving retail decision-making centrally rather than locally as in the past,  we will
be in a stronger position to make the right investments and achieve operational
excellence for our retail activities around the world. 

Question
You mentioned you have set up
 dedicated Retail unit.  What is
your strategic vision and what are
your short-term priorities for this
business?

20 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Interview with the CEO

Herbert Hainer 
Question
Can you talk about the most recent
developments in your key markets
during the last quarter and are any
trends emerging?

In the fourth quarter,  we definitely saw a stabilisation in
most of our key markets around the world.  In Western
Europe and European Emerging Markets,  which grew 3%
and 8% currency-neutral,  respectively,  we saw the first
benefits of the FIFA World Cup™.  This will be a supporting
factor in both regions throughout 2010.  In Greater China,  we
continued to work hard in the fourth quarter to ensure our
distribution channels are clean,  resulting in sales being down
22% currency-neutral.  While we will be exerting a similar
discipline in the first half of 2010,  we are definitely seeing
trends improving and I fully expect a resumption of growth
in the second half.  In Other Asian Markets,  which grew 2%strong growth in emerging markets such as India continued. 
However,  the Japanese consumer environment is still weaka trend we expect to impact our business in 2010.  In Latin
America,  trading remains robust,  with growth of 20% as our
market share continues to advance.  Finally,  in North Americasales declined 7% in the fourth quarter.  However,  here I am
seeing an emerging trend.  And that's Reebok.  For the first
time since the acquisition,  Reebok grew in the quarter,  up
4% on the back of outstanding sell-throughs in the toning
category.  While North America will still be one of our most
challenging markets in 2010,  I believe Reebok is poised to
switch gear with further new initiatives built on the great
platform we have started in 2009. 

Question 
Herbert Hainer
First and foremost,  the best form of capital management is to
deliver continuous strong cash flows from operations.  That being
said,  we believe in managing our balance sheet actively and
continue to look for ways to improve our capital structure while
at the same time remaining flexible.  For example,  during the
year,  we took the opportunity of healthy demand for corporate
issuances and good financing conditions to further improve
our term structure in favour of longer maturities.  In June,  we
completed a € 200 million German Schuldscheindarlehen. 
And in July,  we launched our first ever Eurobond in an amount
of € 500 million.  Finally in October,  we announced the early
redemption of our € 400 million convertible bond,  which was
subsequently converted in full by bondholders into adidas AG
shares.  With unutilised credit lines amounting to € 41 billionthere is little question about the resources we have at our
disposal to take our business forward.  Given that our net
borrowings are now below € 1 billion,  we have decided to update
our policies for debt and dividends.  For the short term,  we are
still very much focused on conserving cash as the economic
environment remains quite fragile.  In general,  it is our aim to
keep the ratio of net borrowings over EBITDA below 2 times. 
In addition,  we have decided to increase our dividend payout
ratio corridor from 15% to 25% to a new target range of 20% to
40% of consolidated net income.  As a result,  for 2009,  we will
propose a dividend payout of 30% of net income attributable to
shareholders,  doubling the payout ratio from the prior year. 

Capital management is still a big topic
in the financial community.  What are
your policies in this regard?

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Interview with the CEO 

  21

Question
What are your financial expectations
for 2010?

Herbert Hainer 
Question
The FIFA World Cup™ is just around
the corner.  Do you think it will be as
successful for you as in 2006 and are
you still confident you will reach your
goals?

22 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Interview with the CEO

We live for big events,  and this summer's FIFA World
Cup™ in South Africa will be something very special for
 number of reasons.  Twelve of our teams including the
host nation will compete in the finals,  which combined with
our status as official sponsor,  supplier and licensee gives
us an unparalleled presence at the event.  It will also have
an unprecedented scale of media coverage as the world's
largest television event,  broadcast to over 190 countries and
an estimated cumulative audience of 263 billion.  It's also
the first time the competition will be hosted on the African
continent,  where football is always a celebration vibrantcolourful and passionate.  And we will take this flair global in
2010.  A great example is the adidas JABULANI match ball,  the
eleventh adidas World Cup ball.  Eleven different colours are
used,  representing the 11 players in every team,  the 11 official
languages of South Africa and the 11 South African tribes. 
With our experience in leveraging such events,  and having
the most comprehensive representation in South Africa,  I am
convinced this FIFA World Cup™ will be even more exceptional
for us than the last.  Taking this and all our other football
initiatives together,  I am confident that we will generate over
€13 billion in sales in the football category in 2010. 

Herbert Hainer
We emerge from the challenges of 2009 with renewed
optimism.  Our financial position is healthy; our brand
concepts and campaigns are strong; and the retail industry
is finally beginning to show early signs of life again,  as global
trade strengthens and consumer confidence slowly begins to
recover.  There will undoubtedly be some more tough months
ahead but,  in general,  I feel confident enough to say that
2010 will be a much better year.  We forecast full year sales
to increase at a low- to mid-single-digit rate on a currencyneutral basis,  driven by growth in both Wholesale and Retail. 
Sales will also increase at both the adidas and Reebok
brands.  We expect gross margin to improve to between 46%
and 47% with lower sourcing costs and less margin pressure
from clearance of excess inventories.  To capitalise on major
sports events as well as new product and campaign launcheswe will invest in marketing and controlled space,  securing
share of voice and premium distribution.  At the same time,  we
will remain disciplined in managing our operating cost baseand we expect operating margin to increase to around 65%
from 49% in 2009.  Summing up,  I expect an improvement
in diluted earnings per share to a level between € 190 and
€ 215 from € 122 in 2009. 

Question
Marketing expenses are one of your
major costs.  Why is marketing so
important to you and how will you
approach marketing spend in 2010?

Herbert Hainer
Question
As you look out to this year and
beyond,  what do you believe is your
biggest competitive advantage?

Herbert Hainer
The sporting goods industry is one of the most competitive consumer spaces in the world. 
And to be successful,  we must have a clear profile towards our target consumers.  ThereforeI do not consider marketing a cost but rather an investment.  Each year we make this
investment to secure the highest possible return on our key assets our brands and our
products.  As such,  all of our brands have an extensive partnership portfolio of high-profile
endorsees and regularly bring new global marketing concepts to life,  which can be easily
leveraged to create simple and powerful brand messages and support an array of product
offerings.  In addition,  we also endeavour to be at the forefront of new communication
techniques such as digital social networks or digital broadcast mediums,  particularly as
information flow becomes faster and faster.  These methods are providing a new scope of
consumer experiences in a real-time and cost-effective way. 
In 2009,  we limited marketing to 122% of sales,  which equates to an absolute decline
of € 160 million.  From today's perspective,  I do not believe this level is appropriate as I am
convinced there is a major opportunity for all of our brands to capitalise on a rebounding
consumer environment and the opportunities we have in the current year.  Therefore,  in
2010,  we will go on a marketing offensive.  For example at adidas,  we will use the 'EVERY
TEAM NEEDS …" platform to transcend our entire football offering ahead of the 2010 FIFA
World Cup™.  To keep momentum going in the adidas Sport Style division,  we will launch a
new campaign which takes a close look at the 'Street Where Originality Lives".  This highly
visible campaign will once again include musicians,  skaters,  athletes and even STAR WARS™
characters.  At Reebok,  we will increase marketing efforts to support the turnaround of
the brand with our new global campaign which uses the motto 'Ree",  as Reebok strives to
'ReeDefine" sport and style.  And TaylorMade-adidas Golf will secure and drive market shares
with campaigns like 'TaylorMade versus TaylorMade" in metalwoods and 'Project Burner" in
irons to keep momentum going.  With this kind of support against a backdrop of major sporting
events and powerful product concepts,  I believe we can use our marketing to great effect this
year to outgrow our major competitors. 

Innovation is our most discerning competitive advantage.  In
everything we do,  we perpetuate our founder's commitment
to the athlete,  pride in what we do,  quality and love of sport
and a sporting lifestyle.  As you go through this year's annual
report aptly titled 'Every product tells a story",  you will see
how our innovative products have taken us to the pinnacle of
world sport.  Whether it's Lionel Messi scoring the winning
goal in the Champions League final,  Santonio Holmes' MVP
performance at Super Bowl XLIII,  Yong-Eun Yang's incredible
2009 PGA Championship victory,  or Blanka Vlasic's gold
medal high jump at the IAAF World Championships in
Berlin,  they all performed at the top of their game with
products from the adidas Group.  And this is what also
makes me most excited for the future.  When I look around
the marketplace today,  I do not see any other company with
 product pipeline as compelling,  original or technologically
advanced.  Whether it's adidas' miCoach training systemSupernova™ Glide,  TECHFIT™ PowerWEB™,  or Reebok's
EasyTone™,  RunTone™ and ZigTech™,  or TaylorMade's
r9™ SuperTri and Burner® SuperFast drivers or Rockport's
DresSport® we are the most comprehensive sporting
goods company in the world.  There is a product energy
at all of our brands which I am convinced will support
our Group's development well into the future.  You know it
from adidas and TaylorMade.  And now you will see it from
Reebok as well. 

 
Herbert,  thank you for this interview. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Interview with the CEO 

  23

Executive Board
Our Executive Board is comprised of four members who reflect the diversity and international character of our Group. 
Each Board member is responsible for at least one major function within the Group. 

Herbert Hainer 
Glenn Bennett 
was born in Dingolfing,  Germany,  in 1954.  Following his business studies,  Herbert
Hainer spent eight years with Procter & Gamble in various sales and marketing
positions.  He joined adidas Germany in 1987 and has held numerous management
positions within the Group,  including Managing Director Germany and Senior Vice
President for Sales and Logistics in Europe,  Africa and the Middle East.  Herbert
Hainer joined the Executive Board in 1997 and became CEO of adidas AG ¹) in 2001. 
He is married,  has two daughters and lives in Herzogenaurach. 

was born in New Hampshire,  USA,  in 1963.  With a degree in computer science,  he
began his professional career with Reebok International Ltd.  in 1983,  where he
worked for ten years in various operations and product functions of which the latest
was Director of Footwear Development.  In 1993,  Glenn Bennett joined adidas AG
and began working as the Head of Worldwide Footwear Development.  He was promoted to Senior Vice President of Footwear Operations a few months later.  In 1997Glenn Bennett was appointed to the Executive Board where he assumed responsibility for all Footwear,  Apparel and Accessories & Gear Operations activities shortly
thereafter.  Glenn Bennett lives in Boston/Massachusetts,  USA. 

Herbert Hainer is also:
 
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board,  FC Bayern München AG,  MunichGermany
 
Member of the Supervisory Board,  Engelhorn KGaA,  Mannheim,  Germany
 
Member of the Supervisory Board,  Allianz Deutschland AG,  Munich,  Germany 
1) adidas-Salomon AG from December 19,  1997 to May 29,  2006. 

24 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Executive Board 
Robin J.  Stalker 
Erich Stamminger 
was born in Palmerston North,  New Zealand,  in 1958.  In 1982,  following his degree
in business studies,  he began his professional career and qualified as a Chartered
Accountant.  He worked for Arthur Young in New Zealand and London and subsequently held financial and controlling positions in the entertainment industryincluding United International Pictures and Warner Bros.  International as well as
working as an independent consultant.  Robin J.  Stalker joined adidas AG in 1996. 
Since February 2000,  he has been Chief Financial Officer of adidas AG 1) and was
appointed to the Executive Board,  responsible for Finance,  in 2001.  In 2005,  he
assumed additional responsibility as Labour Director.  Robin J.  Stalker is married
and lives near Herzogenaurach. 

was born in Rosenberg,  Germany,  in 1957.  After obtaining a degree in business
studies,  he started his career at GfK,  a German consumer research institute.  In
1983,  Erich Stamminger joined adidas Germany.  He served in numerous marketing
positions before becoming Managing Director for Germany and later Europe and
Asia/Pacific.  In 1997,  he was appointed to the Executive Board and became Head
of Global Marketing in 2000.  Four years later,  he was named President of adidas
North America,  while maintaining his position as Head of Global Marketing.  In 2006he was named President of the adidas brand,  and in 2009 he assumed responsibility
for Global Brands.  Erich Stamminger is married and lives in Nuremberg. 

1) adidas-Salomon AG from December 19,  1997 to May 29,  2006. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Executive Board 

  25

Supervisory Board
Supervisory Board Members 
Igor Landau
Chairman 1)
Former Chief Executive
Officer of Aventis S. A.,  ParisFrance
  Member of the Supervisory Board,  Allianz SEMunich,  Germany
  Member of the Board of
Directors,  Sanofi-Aventis S. A. Paris,  France
  Member of the Board of
Directors,  HSBC France S. A. Paris,  France 
Sabine Bauer 2)
Deputy Chairwoman 1)
Senior Manager Quality
Analysis & Reporting,  Global
Operations,  adidas AG 4)

Willi Schwerdtle
Deputy Chairman 1)
General Manager,  Procter &
Gamble GmbH,  Schwalbach
am Taunus,  Germany 
Dieter Hauenstein 2) 3)
Chairman of the Works
Council Herzogenaurachadidas AG

Dr.  Wolfgang Jäger 2) 3)
Managing Director,  HansBöckler-Stiftung,  DüsseldorfGermany 
Dr.  Stefan Jentzsch
Partner,  Perella Weinberg
Partners UK LLP,  LondonGreat Britain 5)
  Member of the
Super­ isory Boardv
Sky ­ eutschland AG

(formerly Premiere AG)U
­ nterföhring,  Germany 
Herbert Kauffmann 3)
Management ConsultantStuttgart,  Germany 6)

Roland Nosko 2)
Trade Union Official,  IG BCEHeadquarters NurembergNuremberg,  Germany
  Member of the Super­
visory Board,  CeramTec AGPlochingen,  Germany 
Alexander Popov 3)
Chairman,  RFSO 'Loko­ otiv"m
Moscow,  Russia 
Hans Ruprecht 2)
Sales Director Customer
Service,  Area Centraladidas AG

Heidi Thaler-Veh 2)
Member of the Central Works
Council,  adidas AG

Christian Tourres
Former Member of the

­ xecutive Board of adidas AG
  Member of the Board of
Directors,  Beleta Worldwide
Ltd.,  Guernsey,  Channel
Islands 
26 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Supervisory Board 
Supervisory Board Members incumbent until the end of the Annual General Meeting
held on May 7,  2009
Dr.  Hans Friderichs
Chairman
Former Federal MinisterMainz,  Germany
  Chairman of the Super­
visory Board,  allit AG Kunststofftechnik,  Bad KreuznachGermany 
Fritz Kammerer 2)
Deputy Chairman
Chairman of the Central
Works Council,  adidas AG

Dr.  iur.  Manfred Gentz
Chairman of the Administrative Board,  Zurich Financial Services S. A.,  ZurichSwitzerland
  Chairman of the Super­
visory Board,  Deutsche Börse
AG,  Frankfurt am MainGermany
  Member of the Super­
visory Board,  DWS Investment GmbH,  Frankfurt am
Main,  Germany
  Chairman of the Admin­
istrative Board,  Zurich Financial Services S. A.,  ZurichSwitzerland 
Klaus Weiß 2)
Trade Union Official,  IG BCEHeadquarters HanoverHanover,  Germany
  Member of the Super­
visory Board,  Wohnungsbaugesellschaft mbH

­ lückauf,  Lünen,  Germany 
Standing Committees until May 7,  2009

Standing Committees as of May 7,  2009

Steering Committee: Dr.  Hans Friderichs (Chairman)Fritz Kammerer,  Igor Landau
General Committee: Dr.  Hans Friderichs (Chairman)Fritz Kammerer,  Igor Landau,  Klaus Weiß
Audit Committee: Dr.  iur.  Manfred Gentz (Chairman)Dr.  Hans Friderichs,  Hans Ruprecht,  Klaus Weiß
Mediation Committee: Dr.  Hans Friderichs,  Fritz KammererIgor Landau,  Roland Nosko
Nomination Committee: Dr.  Hans Friderichs (Chairman)Igor Landau,  Christian Tourres 
Steering Committee: Igor Landau (Chairman),  Sabine BauerWilli Schwerdtle
General Committee: Igor Landau (Chairman),  Sabine BauerRoland Nosko,  Willi Schwerdtle
Audit Committee: Herbert Kauffmann (Chairman)Dr.  Wolfgang Jäger,  Dr.  Stefan Jentzsch,  Hans Ruprecht
Mediation Committee: Igor Landau,  Sabine BauerWilli Schwerdtle,  Heidi Thaler-Veh
Nomination Committee: Igor Landau (Chairman)Willi Schwerdtle,  Christian Tourres
Other Committees
Committee for Real Estate Projects (as of August 3,  2009):
Herbert Kauffmann (Chairman),  Dr.  Wolfgang JägerDr.  Stefan Jentzsch 
1)  ince the constituent meeting of the Supervisory Board on May 7,  2009. 

2)  mployee representative. 

3)  ince the end of the Annual General Meeting held on May 7,  2009. 

4)  ntil December 31,  2009; thereafter as of January 1,  2010,  Chairwoman of the

Central Works Council,  adidas AG. 
5)  ince July 1,  2009; formerly from January 12,  2009,  General Manager,  SB Asset

Management GmbH,  Kronberg,  Germany and until January 12,  2009,  Member of
the Executive Board,  Dresdner Bank AG,  Frankfurt am Main,  Germany. 
6) Since July 1,  2009; formerly Senior Vice President,  Daimler AG,  Stuttgart,  Germany. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Supervisory Board 

  27

Supervisory Board Report
Dear Shareholders2009 was a year of major challenges,  particularly in light of the ongoing global economic and financial crisis.  But despite this
difficult environment,  the adidas Group was able to maintain its strong competitive position globally.  Changed conditions were
catered to with a leaner management structure and corresponding cost-saving opportunities.  In addition,  considerable progress
was made in the improvement of the Group's financing,  including a significant reduction of financial leverage.  The adidas
Group is looking forward with cautious optimism to 2010,  a year with major sports events and many promising new product
initiatives. 

Igor Landau
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
28 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Supervisory Board Report 
Supervision and advice in dialogue
with the Executive Board
In 2009,  we,  as the Supervisory Boardcarefully and regularly monitored the
Group's management,  in particular the
legality,  expediency and regularity of
the Executive Board's management and
supported the strategic development of
the Group as well as major individual
measures. 
In this respect,  the Executive Board
informed us regularly,  extensively and in
 timely manner through oral and written
­
reports,  both at Supervisory Board
meetings and in the periods between
our meetings.  This information covered
the Group's business policy as well as
all relevant aspects of business planning,  including finance,  investment and
personnel planning.  We were also kept
up-to-date on the course of businessthe operational position of adidas AG
and the Group (including the risk situ­
ation and risk management),  the Group's
financial position and profitability,  as
well as all major decisions and business
transactions. 

We were involved in all of the Group's
fundamental decisions in a timely manner.  After in-depth consultation and
examination of the detailed ­ ocuments

submitted to us by the Executive Boardwe approved transactions ­ equiring

Supervisory Board approval and in cases
where,  in our opinion,  review by the
Supervisory Board was necessary in the
best interest of the Group.  In 2009,  the
Supervisory Board did not define any new
business matters as being subject to
approval. 
We held five Supervisory Board
meetings in 2009.  In addition,  as the
mandates of the newly elected Super­
visory Board members commenced at
the end of the Annual General Meeting
on May 7,  2009,  a constituent meeting of
the newly elected Supervisory Board took
place immediately following the Annual
General Meeting.  We also held a meeting
in February 2010,  at which we discussed
matters relating to the 2009 financial
year. 

In individual cases,  we passed ­ dditional

resolutions between our meetings. 
More than half of the Supervisory
Board ­ eetings were attended by

all Supervisory Board members.  All
committee members were present at
all the ­ espective committee meetr
ings.  The external auditor,  KPMG AG
Wirtschaftsprüfungs­ esellschaft,  Frankg
furt am Main (KPMG),  attended four of
our meetings.  In addition,  the Super­
visory Board Chairman and the Audit
Committee Chairman also maintained
contact with the Executive Board,  in
particular with the CEO and the CFObetween the Supervisory Board meetingsdiscussing the new organisational structure,  brand strategy and the impact of
the global economic and financial ­ risis

on the adidas Group,  and reporting to the
entire Supervisory Board on a regular
basis.  The employee representatives met
separately prior to the Supervisory Board
meetings to discuss major agenda topics. 

Main topics covered and examined by
the entire Supervisory Board
The development of sales and earnings
as well as the financial position of the
Group and the development of the individual brand segments were presented
to us in detail by the Executive Board
and subsequently discussed jointly at
each of our meetings following the end
of the year and the respective ­ uarter. 

The effects of the global economic and
financial crisis on the development of
the Group's sales and earnings and
the employment situation were topics
dealt with regularly by the Supervisory
Board as a whole.  Other Supervisory
Board agenda items included numerous
individual topics,  which we discussed in
depth with the Executive Board.  These
discussions did not give rise to any doubt
as to the legality,  expediency or regularity
of the Executive Board's management in
carrying out its duties. 
Having already reviewed the amendments to the German Corporate Governance Code in detail and discussed the
main points to be incorporated in the Declaration of Compliance in November 2008we approved the updated Declaration of
Compliance,  issued on February 11,  2009by way of written circular vote. 

The main topic on the agenda of the
March 3,  2009 financial statements meeting was the review of the consolidated
financial statements and the adidas AG
annual financial statements as well as
the respective Management Reports for
the year ending December 31,  2008,  as
certified by KPMG.  We also reviewed the
Executive Board's proposal regarding the
appropriation of retained earnings.  Following initial Audit Committee examin­
ation and consultation,  we discussed
material aspects of these financial
statements with the Executive Board
and KPMG.  Both the Executive Board
and KPMG provided us with detailed
responses to all of our questions.  After
having carefully considered adidas AG's
financial position and the expectations of
shareholders and the capital market,  we
approved the proposal submitted by the
Executive Board regarding the appropri­
ation of retained earnings.  Additionallywe discussed the resolutions that were
proposed to the 2009 Annual General
Meeting.  In this connection,  we were also
able to assure ourselves of the suitability of the Supervisory Board candidates
proposed by the Nomination Committee
as shareholder representatives standing
for election at the Annual General Meeting for the first time.  The candidates were
present at our meeting.  Following the
recommendation of the Audit Committee,  we resolved to propose to the Annual
General Meeting that KPMG be appointed
as auditor of the adidas AG annual statements and the consolidated financial
statements for 2009 and,  if applicable,  to
examine the interim financial statements. 

Furthermore,  after in-depth discussions­
we approved all other resolutions to be
put to the Annual General Meeting.  We
also utilised this meeting to discuss and
subsequently approve the resolutions
prepared by the General Committee with
respect to determination of the bonus
resulting from the Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) 2006/2008 and the 2008
Performance Bonus.  In addition,  we set
the key targets for payment of the 2009
Performance Bonus and resolved upon a
new LTIP for the members of the Executive Board.  Lastly,  the Executive Board
reported to us in detail on business
development at the Reebok and Rockport
brands. 
The main focus of our May 6,  2009
meeting was the Executive Board's report
on the cost-saving measures initiated
by the Executive Board in the autumn
of 2008 in light of the economic and
financial crisis,  as well as the report on
the financial results for the first quarter
of 2009.  Additionally,  we resolved upon
the reappointment of Herbert Hainer as
 member of the Executive Board and
his renewed appointment as CEO.  The
Executive Board was not present during
these discussions. 

At the constituent meeting of the
Supervisory Board following the Annual

­ eneral Meeting on May 7,  2009,  the
composition of the Steering Committee
and all other committees was resolved
upon. 
At our August 3,  2009 Supervisory
Board meeting,  we discussed the report
for the first half year and the anticipated
development of business for the remainder of 2009.  In addition,  the Executive
Board presented a detailed report on
the development of TaylorMade-adidas
Golf and business development at the
golf apparel brand Ashworth,  which was
acquired in the fourth quarter of 2008. 
We established the Committee for Real
Estate Projects ad hoc,  which deals with
the utilisation of real estate that is not
required for the Group's core business. 
At our Supervisory Board ­ eeting

held on November 3,  2009,  discussions
centred on the report for the first nine
months of the year presented by the
Executive Board and the outlook for the
remainder of 2009.  Following in-depth
discussions during which the Executive
Board members were not present,  we
resolved upon the compensation structure for the Executive Board prepared by
the General Committee in cooperation
with an external compensation expert. 
The expert,  acting independently of the
Executive Board and adidas AG,  had been
commissioned by the Supervisory Board. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Supervisory Board Report 

  29

The compensation structure takes into
account the new requirements resulting
from the German Act on the Appropriateness of Management Board Remuneration (­ esetz zur Angemessenheit

der Vorstandsvergütung VorstAG).  We
examined the detailed structure proposed by the General ­ ommittee and the

individual components of the three-year
Long-Term Incentive Plan for the Executive Board,  LTIP 2009/2011,  which the
Supervisory Board had resolved upon in
principle at the beginning of the yearand we approved its implementation. 
In ­ ddition,  after in-depth discussions

with the Executive Board,  we approved
the new organisational structure for
the ­ didas Group comprising 'Wholea
sale" and 'Retail" segments,  whereby
we examined in particular the resulting
effects on the Group's segmental reporting.  Another topic on the agenda of this
meeting was the report on the current
business development at Reebok and
internal corporate restructuring measures in the context of the ongoing Reebok
integration. 
At the meeting of the Supervisory
Board on December 10,  2009,  at which
the Executive Board was not presentwe approved the key individual financial parameters for the LTIP 2009/2011
that had been prepared by the General

­ ommittee. 

30 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Supervisory Board Report 
Additionally,  we approved the conclusion
of the new service ­ ontract with the CEOc
Herbert Hainer,  which had been prepared
by the General Committee.  Furthermorewe resolved upon several adjustments to
the service contracts of the other Executive Board members related to the new
VorstAG requirements. 
In mid-January 2010,  we resolved
upon changes to the adidas AG Articles
of Association relating to the nominal
­
capital and the Contingent Capital
amounts.  These amendments were
necessary as a result of an increase in
the nominal capital in the fourth quarter
­
of 2009 due to the final issuance of
shares under the company's Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) and the
issuance of shares in connection with
the ­ onversion of all bonds relating to a

convertible bond,  which had resulted in
 corresponding reduction in the related
­
Contingent Capital. 
On February 10,  2010,  we held
our Supervisory Board meeting by way
of a conference call.  We discussed
and approved the resolution proposals
­
prepared by the General Committee
with respect to the determination of the
Performance Bonus 2009 and the key
targets for payment of the Performance
Bonus 2010.  The Executive Board was
not present during these discussions. 
In addition,  we approved the issuance of
the Declaration of Compliance and the
amendment to the Rules of Procedure of
the Executive Board in line with the new
statutory regulations and the allocation
of duties under the new organisational
structure. 

Report from the committees
In order to perform our tasks in an efficient manner,  we have five Supervisory
Board standing committees.  We also
established the project-related Committee for Real Estate Projects ad hoc see
Supervisory Board,  p.  26.  These committees
have the task of preparing topics and
resolutions of the Supervisory Board.  In
some cases,  the Supervisory Board has
also delegated decision-making powers
to its committees.  At our Supervisory
Board meetings,  the chairmen of the
committees reported to us,  in detail and
in a timely manner,  on the committees'
work and meetings,  ensuring ­ omplete

exchange of information and good

­ ooperation between the committees
and the Supervisory Board as a whole. 
The committees' work in the year
under review is summarised as follows:
 
The Steering Committee,  which is
authorised to pass resolutions on
behalf of the entire Supervisory Board
in particularly urgent cases,  did not
meet in the year under review.  All
Supervisory Board resolutions were
able to be passed by the Supervisory
Board as a whole. 

 
The General Committee met five
times in 2009 and held one meeting in
February 2010 by way of a conference
call.  This committee is responsible for
preparing personnel decisions of the
Supervisory Board and for submitting
proposals with regard to the Executive
Board compensation system and also
the contents,  structure and conclusion
of Executive Board members' service
contracts.  The committee members
dealt with the structure of the compensation system and determination
of the respective compensation,  as
well as with the reappointment of
Herbert Hainer as CEO,  and prepared
corresponding resolution ­ roposals

for the Supervisory Board.  Since
the coming into force of the VorstAG
requirements,  responsibility for resolutions on Executive Board compen­
sation lies with the Supervisory Board
as a whole. 

 
The Audit Committee met five times in
2009.  The auditor and the Chief Financial Officer attended all meetings.  The
committee members focused on the
adidas AG annual financial statements
and the consolidated financial statements for 2008,  the auditor's reports
as well as the first half year report
and quarterly financial reports for
2009,  which they examined in detail
prior to publication.  The auditor
reported to the committee members
in detail on his auditing activities
and results.  Furthermore,  the Audit
Committee obtained the required
auditor's declaration of independence
and prepared the Supervisory Board
proposal for the Annual General Meeting recommending the appointment
of the auditor for 2009.  Together with
the auditor,  the Audit Committee also
established the priority topics for the
audit of the adidas AG annual financial statements and the consolidated
financial statements for 2009 and
resolved upon the assignment of the
audit to the auditor.  In addition,  the
committee members discussed the
impact of the economic and financial crisis on the adidas Group on a
regular basis.  Furthermore,  the Audit
Committee,  which under the Rules of 
Procedure for the Supervisory Board
is also ­ esponsible for matters relatr
ing to corporate governance,  dealt
intensively with the new provisions
of the German Corporate Governance Code as amended on June 182009 and discussed the contents of
the Declaration of Compliance to
be issued by the Supervisory Board. 
Additional major topics of discussion
at the committee meetings were the
further development of risk management and the compliance programmeas well as the report on the internal
control system and the Internal Audit
report.  The committee members were
informed in detail on these topicsincluding the methods and systems
used and the efficiency thereofthrough written and oral reports.  They
discussed these matters in depth and
thus assured themselves of the effectiveness of the systems.  The structure
of the adidas Group's new segmental
reporting and the effects thereof was
also the subject of intensive discussions.  At its last meeting in the year
under review,  the Chief Financial
Officer explained to the committee the
draft budget and investment plan for
2010.  In addition to the oral reports
from the Audit Committee Chairman
on the results of all meetings,  the
Supervisory Board members received
written information on the contents
and results of the Audit Committee's
work on a regular basis. 

 
The Nomination Committee held two
meetings in 2009,  during which the
committee members prepared the
proposals for the Annual General
Meeting concerning the election of the
shareholder representatives to the
Supervisory Board.  A list of candidates
was subsequently put forward. 
 
The Mediation Committee again had
no reason to meet in 2009. 
  September 2009,  the Committee for
In
Real Estate Projects,  which had been
established ad hoc in August 2009dealt with real estate matters of the
adidas Group,  in particular relating
to the utilisation of real estate that
is not required for the Group's core
business. 

Corporate Governance and
Declaration of Compliance
The subject of corporate governance is
very important to the Supervisory Board. 
The Supervisory Board believes it con­
tinues to have an adequate number of
independent members after the new
election.  In the year under review,  our
Supervisory Board members again had
no conflicts of interest as defined by the
German Cor­ orate Governance Code. 

The composition of the Audit Committee also fulfils the requirement of the
German Accounting Law Modernisation Act (Gesetz zur Modernisierung
des Bilanzrechts ­ ilMoG) with regard

to the inclusion of at least one financial
expert.  After detailed discussions on
corporate governance topics within the
Audit Committee,  the Executive Board
and the Supervisory Board followed the
recommendation of the Audit Committee
and on February 11,  2010,  jointly issued
an updated Declaration of Compliance
in accordance with § 161 German Stock
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz AktG). 
This declaration is permanently available
to shareholders on the corporate website at www, adidas-Group, com/­corporate­
governance.  All previous declarations are
also available here.  Further information on corporate governance within the
adidas Group,  including Executive Board
and Super­ isory Board compensation,  is

contained in the Declaration on Corporate
Governance including the Corporate Governance
Report,  p.  33. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Supervisory Board Report 

  31

Examination of the adidas AG annual
financial statements and consolidated
financial statements
KPMG audited the consolidated financial
statements and the Group Management
Report for 2009 prepared by the Executive Board in accordance with § 315a
German Commercial Code (Handels­
gesetzbuch HGB) in compliance with
IFRS and issued an unqualified opinion
thereon.  The auditor also approved without qualification the 2009 annual financial
statements and the Management Report
of adidas AG prepared in accordance with
HGB requirements. 
The financial statements,  the proposal put forward by the Executive Board
regarding the appropriation of retained
earnings and the auditor's reports were
submitted to all Supervisory Board
members in a timely manner.  They were
examined in depth by the Audit Committee at its meeting on February 26,  2010and at the Supervisory Board meeting
on March 2,  2010,  and were discussed in
detail in the presence of the Executive
Board and the auditor.  At both meetings,  the auditor reported the material
results of the financial statements audit
with focus on the 2009 priority topics as
agreed with the Audit Committee.  The 
examination of the internal control and
risk management system relating to the
financial accounting process showed that
the system is capable of performing its
functions.  The auditor was available for
questions and the provision of additional
information to the Audit Committee and
the other Supervisory Board members. 
Having examined the adidas AG annual
financial statements and the consolidated financial statements as well as
the Management Reports,  we came
to the conclusion that there were no

­ bjections to be raised.  Following the
recommendation of the Audit Committeeat our financial statements meeting we
therefore approved the audit results and
adopted the financial statements prepared by the Executive Board.  The annual
financial statements of adidas AG were
thus adopted.  We also discussed with the
Executive Board the proposal concerning
the appropriation of retained earnings
with regard to the dividend policy and,  in
light of the position of the company and
the financial and investment planning,  we
approved the proposal. 

Changes on the Supervisory Board
At the end of the Annual General Meeting
on May 7,  2009,  the regular five-year
term in office of all Supervisory Board
members expired.  The Annual ­ eneral

Meeting elected as shareholder repre­
sentatives,  on an individual basisDr.  Stefan Jentzsch,  Herbert Kauffmann­
Igor Landau,  Alexander Popov,  Willi

­ chwerdtle and Christian Tourres as
members of the Supervisory Board. 
Dr.  Hans Friderichs and Dr.  iur.  Manfred
Gentz retired from the Supervisory Board
effective May 7,  2009. 
In spring 2009,  the employees had
already elected Sabine Bauer and Heidi
Thaler-Veh as well as Dieter HauensteinDr.  Wolfgang Jäger,  Roland Nosko and
Hans Ruprecht as their representatives
on the Supervisory Board.  Fritz ­ ammerer

and Klaus Weiß retired from the Supervisory Board effective May 7,  2009. 
At the constituent meeting of the
newly elected Supervisory Board on
May 7,  2009,  Igor Landau was elected
as Chairman of the Supervisory Board
and Sabine Bauer and Willi Schwerdtle
were elected as Deputy Chairwoman
and ­ eputy Chairman,  respectively. 


Expression of thanks
We wish to expressly thank the retired
Supervisory Board Chairman,  Dr.  Hans
Friderichs,  for his many years of exceptional service to adidas AG.  He accompanied the transition of the Group from a
family-run company to one of the world's
leading,  listed sporting goods companies with prudent advice and entrepreneurial vision.  We also thank all other
Super­ isory Board members who left

the Supervisory Board at the end of the
Annual General Meeting for the contributions they have made to the company. 
Additionally,  the Supervisory Board
would like to express its appreciation of
the tremendous personal dedication,  the
performance and the ongoing commitment of the Executive Board,  the managements of Group companies,  the Works
Council and all adidas Group employees. 
For the Supervisory Board 
Igor Landau
Chairman
March 2010

32 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Supervisory Board Report 
Declaration on Corporate Governance including the
Corporate Governance Report
Our actions are determined by the principles of responsible and transparent management and company control.  Good corporate
governance supports a sustainable increase in value and enhances the confidence placed in our company by our shareholdersbusiness partners,  employees and the financial markets.  It is thus essential for the Group's long-term success.  We see
corporate governance as an ongoing process during which values and principles continue to evolve in accordance with changing
requirements.  The statutory obligations and company-internal guidelines,  with which we comply,  are presented in the following
report which includes the Declaration on Corporate Governance as well as the Corporate Governance Report prepared by the
Executive Board and Supervisory Board. 

Declaration by the Executive Board
and Supervisory Board of adidas AG in
accordance with § 161 German Stock
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz AktG)
on the German Corporate Governance
Code
The Executive Board and Supervisory
Board of adidas AG issued their last
Declaration of Compliance pursuant to
§ 161 AktG on February 11,  2009.  The following declaration refers to the German
Corporate Governance Code (hereinafter
referred to as the 'Code") as amended
on June 6,  2008 for the period between
February 12 and August 5,  2009.  For the
period as of August 6,  2009,  the following
declaration refers to the recommendations of the Code as amended on June 182009,  which was published in the electronic Federal Gazette on August 5,  2009. 

The Executive Board and Supervisory
Board of adidas AG declare that the
recommendations of the 'Government
Commission on the German Corporate
Governance Code" have been and are met
with the following deviations:
  Deductible with regard to the D&O
liability insurance (section 38)
So far,  the D&O liability insurance policy
for our Executive Board and Supervisory
Board members does not provide for a
deductible as this is a group insurance
for a number of executives in Germany
and abroad and a deductible is not common practice outside of Germany.  Since
the German Act on the Appropriateness of Management Board Remuneration (Gesetz zur Angemessenheit der
Vorstandsvergütung VorstAG) became
effective,  § 93 section 2 sentence 3
AktG in its new version stipulates that a
deductible is mandatory when concluding
 D&O liability insurance for Executive
Board members. 

adidas AG will comply with the statutory
provisions on the deductible and amend
existing D&O liability insurance policies
within the statutory transition periodi, e.  at the latest effective July 1,  2010. 
In addition,  section 38 of the Code as
amended on June 18,  2009 recommends
agreeing upon a respective deductible
for Supervisory Board members.  adidas
AG has decided to comply also with this
recommendation as of July 1,  2010 at the
latest. 
  Agreeing severance payment caps
when concluding Executive Board service
contracts (section 423 subsection 4)
The recommendation of the Code provides for a severance payment cap for
contracts with a term of more than three
years.  We believe that for contracts with
 term of up to three years the short
contractual term agreed in connection
with further contractual provisions offers
sufficient protection from inappropriate
severance payments.  Hence,  no formal
severance payment cap is planned. 

  Age limit for Supervisory Board

­ embers (section 541 sentence 2)
We do not set an age limit for Supervisory
Board members as this is,  in our opinionan unnecessary limitation of the rights
of our shareholders and employees when
electing their representatives to the
Supervisory Board. 
  Compensation of the Supervisory
Board (section 546 subsection 2)
The members of our Supervisory Board
do not receive any performance-oriented
compensation in order to exclude any
potential conflicts of interest with regard
to decisions of the Supervisory Boardwhich might have influence upon performance criteria. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Declaration on Corporate Governance including the Corporate Governance Report 

  33

  Disclosure of the shares held by the
individual members of the Executive
Board and Supervisory Board or financial
instruments related thereto (section 66
sentence 1)
Insofar as no further statutory obligations exist,  we report the ownership of
shares if it exceeds 1% of the shares
issued by adidas AG but we do not report
this on an individual basis for the members of the Boards.  Instead,  we publish
the total holdings of all members of the
Executive Board and all members of the
Supervisory Board separately in order to
safeguard the Board members' interests
worthy of protection. 
Herzogenaurach,  February 11,  2010
For the Supervisory Board 
Igor Landau
Chairman of the Supervisory Board
For the Executive Board 
Herbert Hainer
Chief Executive Officer
The aforementioned Declaration of
Compliance dated February 11,  2010 has
been published together with all former
Declarations of Compliance and can be
downloaded at  www, adidas-Group, com/
corporategovernance. 

34 

Suggestions of the German Corporate
Governance Code fulfilled to a large
extent
adidas AG complies with the suggestions
of the Code with one exception: Pursuant
to section 36 of the Code,  Super­ isory

Board meetings should be prepared
separately by the Supervisory Board
members representing the shareholders
and by those representing the employees. 
The members of our Supervisory Board
meet for such preparation meetings only
if required. 
Dual board system
In accordance with statutory provisionsadidas AG has a dual board system,  which
assigns management functions to the
Executive Board and supervisory functions to the Supervisory Board.  These two
boards are strictly separated in terms of
membership and competencies. 
Composition and working methods
of the Executive Board
Our Executive Board consists of four
members see Executive Board,  p.  24. 
There are no Executive Board committees.  The Executive Board is responsible
for managing the company,  developing
the Group's strategic orientation,  agreeing this with the Supervisory Board and
ensuring its implementation.  In doing
so,  it is bound to the company's interests
and obliged to achieve a sustainable
increase in company value.  The members of the Executive Board are jointly
responsible for the entire management. 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Declaration on Corporate Governance including the Corporate Governance Report 
The details of the work of the Executive Board is regulated by its Rules of
Procedure,  which can be found on our
corporate website at  www, adidas-Group. 
com/corporategovernance.  ­ rrespective

of their overall responsibility,  the
members of the Executive Board are
individually responsible for managing
their ­ espective business areas.  The CEO

is responsible in particular for leading
the entire Executive Board as well as
for management of the business policy
of the Group.  In addition,  he is in charge
of various fields such as Global Sales
(Wholesale and Retail) of the adidas
and Reebok brands,  Internal Audit and
Social & Environmental Affairs as well
as Compliance.  Finance,  Global Brands
and Global Operations are each assigned
to another member of the Executive
Board in accordance with the plan on the
allocation of the areas of responsibilitywhich is published in extracts at www. 
adidas-Group, com/corporategovernance. 
Executive Board meetings are held
on a regular basis or,  if required,  ad hoc. 
They are convened by the CEO.  As a rulethe Executive Board makes its decisions
by resolution with a simple majority
unless a larger majority is required by
law.  If a vote results in a tie,  the CEO has
the casting vote.  However,  in practice,  the
Executive Board strives to take its decisions unanimously.  Hence,  decisions arein general,  unanimous. 
The Executive Board participates
in meetings of the Supervisory Board
upon being invited.  At these meetingsit reports in writing and orally on the
agenda items as well as proposed resolutions and answers all questions from the
individual Supervisory Board members. 

Furthermore,  the CEO discusses the
Group's strategy,  business development
and risk management with the Chairman
of the Supervisory Board on a regular
basis. 

Composition and working methods of
the Supervisory Board
In accordance with the German Co-­
Determination Act (Mitbestimmungs­
gesetz MitbestG),  our Supervisory
Board consists of six shareholder
representatives and six employee
representatives  see Supervisory Boardp.  26.  The shareholder representatives
are elected by the Annual General
Meeting whereas the employee
representatives are elected prior
to the Annual General Meeting in
accordance with MitbestG regulations. 
Our Supervisory Board members were
appointed on May 7,  2009.  Their terms
in office expire at the end of the Annual
General Meeting in 2014. 
The Supervisory Board oversees
and advises the Executive Board in
matters concerning management.  The
Executive Board reports to the Super­
visory Board regularly,  expeditiously and
comprehensively on all matters relevant
for the company's business developmentplanning as well as risk situation and
coordinates the strategy and its implementation with the Supervisory Board. 
For certain business transactions and
measures,  the Executive Board must
obtain the Supervisory Board's prior
consent.  This includes,  for exampleentering or exiting major fields of activity
and acquiring or divesting substantial

­ orporate holdings. 

Furthermore,  the Executive Board
must obtain the Supervisory Board's
approval for the budget,  including the
annual ­ apital expenditure and financ
cial plan.  Details are set out in the
company's ­ rticles of Association and

the Rules of Procedure for the Supervisory Board  www, adidas-Group, com/
corporategovernance. 
The Chairman of the ­ upervisory

Board coordinates the Supervisory
Board's work and chairs the meetings. 
Every year,  he explains the work of the
Supervisory Board and its committees in
his report to the shareholders and at the
Annual General Meeting.  The essential
duties of the Supervisory Board include
the approval of the financial statements
of adidas AG and the adidas Group,  taking
into consideration the auditor's reports. 
Furthermore,  the Supervisory Board is
responsible for decisions concerning the
appointment of members of the Executive
Board.  The meetings of our Supervisory
Board are convened at least fourteen
days in advance,  also indicating the items
on the agenda.  The Supervisory Board
constitutes a quorum if all members
have been invited in due form and at least
six members participate in the taking of
the resolution.  It passes its decisions by
resolutions requiring a simple majorityunless a different majority is stipulated
by law.  In the event that a vote results in
 tie,  the Chairman of the Supervisory
Board has the casting vote if a new vote
again results in a tie. 

For particularly urgent matters,  the
Supervisory Board may also resolve on
issues by way of a written circular vote. 
We report on the meetings and working
methods of the Supervisory Board in our
Supervisory Board Report  see p.  28. 
Every two years,  the Supervisory
Board examines the efficiency of its work. 
The next efficiency examination will be
carried out after the Annual General
Meeting in 2010. 

Increased efficiency through
Supervisory Board committees
In order to perform its tasks in the most
efficient manner,  our Supervisory Board
has formed five permanent expert committees  see Rules of Procedure for the
Supervisory Board 
 www, adidas-Group, com/

corporategovernance. 

For the organisation
and working methods of the committees
the same rules are applicable in principle
as for the entire Supervisory Board.  A
committee constitutes a quorum if half
of its members,  but no less than three
members,  participate in the passing of
the resolutions.  The chairmen of the
committees report to the entire Super­
visory Board on a regular basis.  The composition of the committees  see Supervisory Board,  p.  26 as well as a description
of their working methods are presented
in detail in the Supervisory Board Report
 see p.  28. 

  The Steering Committee,  which
consists of the Supervisory Board Chairman and his two deputies,  discusses
major issues,  prepares resolutions and is
authorised in particularly urgent cases to
pass resolutions on behalf of the Supervisory Board. 
  The co-determined General Committee,  with four members,  is responsible in particular for the preparation
of Supervisory Board decisions regarding the appointment of Executive Board
members.  Furthermore,  the committee is
responsible for preparing all resolutions
for the entire Supervisory Board which
concern the Executive Board compensation system,  determination of the total
compensation of the individual members
of the Executive Board as well as the content,  form and conclusion of their service
contracts. 
  The co-determined Audit Committee
also consists of four members.  The Audit
Committee Chairman is independent
and was not a member of the company's
Executive Board prior to his becoming
 member of the Supervisory Board.  He
has expert knowledge in accounting and
the auditing of annual financial statements.  The Chairman is hence considered to be an independent financial
expert as defined by the German Stock
Corporation Act. 

The committee meets five times a
year on a regular basis.  It examines
the ­ didas AG annual financial statea
ments and the consolidated financial
statements including the Management
Reports.  It also prepares the respective
Super­ isory Board resolutions.  Furtherv
more,  it deals with the quarterly and
half-year financial reports.  In addition,  it
­
prepares the proposal of the Supervisory
Board to the Annual General Meeting for
the appointment of the auditor as well
as the audit assignment to the ­ uditor. 

Beforehand,  it assures itself of the

­ uditor's independence and determines
audit priorities.  The Audit Committee
supervises,  in particular,  accounting
matters and deals with risk management and compliance.  It assures itself
of the efficiency of the internal control
system as well as the risk management
system and is regularly informed on
the work undertaken by Internal Audit. 
The Audit Committee's exact methods
of working are regulated by the Rules of
Procedure,  which were resolved upon by
the entire Supervisory Board in the year
under review  see www, adidas-Group, com/
corporategovernance. 
  The co-determined four-member
Mediation Committee,  formed in accordance with § 27 section 3 MitbestG,  is
responsible for submitting a proposal
to the Supervisory Board regarding the
appointment or dismissal of Executive
Board members if the two-thirds Supervisory Board majority required for an
appointment or dismissal is not achieved
in the preceding resolution. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Declaration on Corporate Governance including the Corporate Governance Report 

  35

N°

Directors' Dealings in 2009

01

 
Frankfurt am MainDate 
Name 
Position 
August 5

Christian Tourres 
December 1

Christian Tourres 
Supervisory Board
member
Supervisory Board
member 
Type of
transaction 
Number of
shares 
Price
in €

Total volume
in €

Sale 
50000

31999875

159999375

Sale 
50000

3830

191500000

  The Nomination Committee,  comprised of three members,  is the only
Supervisory Board committee consisting
exclusively of shareholder representatives.  Its tasks involve preparations with
regard to elections of shareholder representatives to the Supervisory Boardand it submits recommendations to
the Supervisory Board for its proposal
to the Annual General Meeting.  When
drawing up proposals for the election to
the Supervisory Board,  care is taken to
ensure that candidates have the required
knowledge,  abilities and professional
experience.  In addition,  the candidates
are chosen with a view to diversity on an
international level. 
In addition,  a committee which
is responsible for the handling of real
estate matters,  composed of three members,  was established ad hoc in 2009
 see Supe­ visory Board Report,  p.  28. 
 
36 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Declaration on Corporate Governance including the Corporate Governance Report 
Avoiding conflicts of interest
In accordance with the Rules of Procedure of our Supervisory Board,  the
members of the Executive Board and
Supervisory Board disclose any conflicts
of interest to the General Committee
instead of the entire Supervisory Board
without delay.  Significant transactions
between the company and the members of the Executive Board or persons
in close relationship with them require
the approval of the General Committee. 
The Supervisory Board reports any conflicts of interest,  as well as the handling
thereof,  to the Annual General Meeting. 
In the year under review,  neither the
members of the Executive Board nor the
members of the Supervisory Board faced
any conflicts of interest. 
Relevant management practices
Our business actions are orientated
towards the legal systems in the various countries and regions from which
manifold obligations arise for the adidas
Group and its employees in Germany and
abroad.  Besides responsible management in compliance with laws,  provisions
and other guidelines,  we have established Group-internal policies which
reflect the values and leadership prin­
ciples of our everyday actions. 

Compliance in the adidas Group
We regard compliance as the conformity of our actions with statutory provisions and regulations as well as ethical
and moral principles which our company
is required to observe or to which we
have committed voluntarily.  The adidas
Group perceives compliance as being allembracing,  oriented towards the product
cycle and extending from the supply
chain to the final consumer.  Our Social
& Environmental Affairs team deals with
the rights of employees in the supply
chain and coordinates product safety
standards.  Before our products reach
the market,  our Intellectual Property
department researches the technologiestrademarks,  logos and other designs
to identify possible infringements of
the rights of third parties.  The internal
compliance programme includes,  inter
alia,  web-based training which is implemented consistently.  This training is
available to all employees worldwide and
­
in ten languages.  Furthermore,  we have
designated local Compliance ­ fficers

globally as contact persons,  to whom
complaints and information ­ oncerning

possible compliance infringements
can be reported.  In the area of data

­ rotection,  we also have a web-based

­ raining programme for all ­ mployeese
in ten languages.  ­ dditionally,  the Group

has a 'Marketing Guide" to raise our

­ mployees' awareness with regard to
data protection when in contact with

­ ustomers.  As a next measure,  ­ dditional

online training programmes in the

­ ectors anti-trust law and competition
law are being prepared. 

Compliance with working
and social standards
The development of company guidelines
with regard to social minimum standards,  work safety as well as health and
environmental protection and the monitoring thereof at the production facilities
of the adidas Group and its business
partners is an integral component of
our global company policy.  Our Group
has an individual supply chain code of
conduct,  the 'Workplace Standards". 
These standards  see www, adidas-Group. 
com/sustainability are oriented towards the
conventions of the International Labour
Organization (ILO) and follow the code of
conduct of the World Federation of the
Sporting Goods Industry (WFSGI).  They
help us to only choose such business
partners who fulfil the Group's Workplace Standards and business practices
in accordance with our values.  Together
with our business partners,  we actively
work on positive changes and have
appointed an expert team especially for
the coordination of compliance with and
control of the Workplace Standards.  We
report on our sustainability programme
at  www, adidas-Group, com/sustainability and
publish sustainability reports regularly. 

Handling insider information
The provision of transparent and reliable
information to the capital market and
shareholders is an important element
for the success of our Group.  Henceproper handling of insider information is
indispensable.  For this purpose,  we have
established an insider committee which
examines the existence of insider factsprovides for the observance of obligations in connection with insider facts and
prepares the required decisions.  Our
employees are trained with regard to
the proper handling of insider information and treat such information in strict
confidence. 

At the Annual General Meeting,  our
shareholders who do not wish to exercise their voting rights themselves have
the opportunity to have these rights
exercised by an authorised person or
 proxy appointed by the company and
bound by instructions.  All shareholders
can follow the Annual General Meeting
live and in full length online.  In additionwe are available for answering ques­
tions of our shareholders by phone or
electronically.  At our next Annual General
Meeting,  taking place on May 6,  2010 in
Fuerth (Bavaria),  we will again provide
our shareholders with the best possible
service. 

Transparency and protection of
shareholders' interests
It is our goal to provide all institutional
investors,  private shareholders,  financial
analysts,  employees and the interested
public with the same information at the
same time,  in both English and Germanby regular,  open and up-to-date communication,  and to thus create the greatest
possible transparency.  As an up-to-date
platform for publications,  we mainly use
our website  www, adidas-Group, com.  In
addition,  we publish corporate and capital
market information subject to disclosure
regulations Europe-wide.  All documents
and information on our Annual General
Meeting are available on our website
to all interested persons.  Through our
Investor Relations activities,  we are also
in close contact with our shareholders
 see Our Share,  p.  42. 

Directors' Dealings in 2009
Pursuant to § 15a of the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandels­
gesetz WpHG),  Executive Board and
Supervisory Board members,  other key
executives as well as persons in close
relationship with them are obliged
to ­ isclose the purchase or sale of

a
­ didas AG shares or related financial
instruments (Directors' Dealings) if the
value of the transactions in the financial year reaches or exceeds € 5000. 
In 2009,  we received two Directors'

­ ealings' notifications relating to adidas
shares (ISIN DE0005003404),  which were
published at  www, adidas-Group, com/
directorsdealings. 

Share ownership of the Executive
Board and Supervisory Board
At the end of the financial year 2009,  the
total number of shares held by the members of the Executive Board of adidas AG
amounted to less than 1% of the shares
issued by the company. 
At the same time,  the members of
the Supervisory Board owned 215% of
the shares issued by the company. 
Accounting and annual audit
The statutory annual financial statements
of adidas AG relevant for the distribution
of dividends are prepared in accordance
with the provisions of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch  HGB)
and the AktG.  The annual consolidated
financial statements and the interim
financial reports of the adidas Group
are prepared by the Executive Board in
accordance with the principles of the
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as applicable in the European
Union.  The annual accounts are audited
and adopted by the Supervisory Board. 
The financial statements of adidas AG are
therewith adopted. 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft,  Frankfurt am Main,  was
appointed as auditor for the adidas AG
annual financial statements and the consolidated financial statements for 2009
by the Annual General Meeting after the
Supervisory Board had confirmed the
independence of the auditor. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Declaration on Corporate Governance including the Corporate Governance Report 

  37

Compensation Report 1)
For the adidas Group,  transparent and comprehensible reporting on the compensation of the Executive Board and Supervisory
Board are essential elements of good corporate governance.  In the following,  we summarise the principles of the compensation
system of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board and outline the structure and level of Executive Board and Supervisory
Board compensation.  We are also reporting on the benefits the members of our Executive Board will receive if they resign
from office or retire. 

Responsibility of the Supervisory Board
Following preparation by the General
Committee,  the individual compensation of our Executive Board members is
discussed and determined by the entire
Supervisory Board in accordance with
the German Act on the Appropriateness of Management Board Remuneration (Gesetz zur Angemessenheit der
Vorstandsvergütung VorstAG) effective
as of August 5,  2009 and a corresponding regulation stipulated in the Rules of
Procedure for the Supervisory Board.  In
addition,  the Supervisory Board resolves
upon the Executive Board compensation system following the proposal by the
General Committee and is also respon­
sible for its regular review. 
In the financial year 2009,  the
Supervisory Board had the compensation
system examined in detail by an external
compensation expert being independent
of the Executive Board and the company. 
This examination showed that the current
­
compensation system had,  to a large
extent,  already been in compliance with
the new statutory regulations and only
few adjustments were required. 

Compensation system
The compensation system of our Executive Board,  which includes fixed and variable elements,  consists of the following
components:
 
non-performance-related compen­
sation component 
performance-related compensation
component 
compensation component with longterm incentive effect. 
The individual components are structured
as follows:
 
The non-performance-related compensation component consists of a
fixed annual salary paid in twelve
monthly instalments.  Other benefits
are granted in addition.  These benefits
are primarily composed of the values
set in accordance with tax guidelines
­
for the private use of a company
car and the payment of insurance
premiums. 

1)  his Compensation Report is a component of the audited Group Management Report and is also part of the

Declaration on Corporate Governance including the Corporate Governance Report. 

38 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Compensation Report 
 
The performance-related compensation component is paid as a variable
Performance Bonus.  Its amount
is linked to the fixed annual salary
and is determined by the individual ­ erformance of the respective

E
­ xecutive Board member as well as
by the development of income before
taxes (IBT) and the reduction of net
debt.  The Performance Bonus is paid
­
out ­ ollowing the end of the respecf
tive financial year upon adoption of
the annual ­ nancial statements and
fi
determination of ­ arget achievement. 

  a compensation component with a
As
long-term incentive effect,  our Executive Board members receive compensation from the Long-Term Incentive
Plan 2009/2011 (LTIP 2009/2011). 
Payments resulting from the LTIP
2009/2011 (LTIP Bonus) depend on the
fulfilment of the following performance criteria which are exactly defined
in the LTIP 2009/2011,  with different
weightings:
 
Increase of consolidated net income
 
Reduction of net debt (adjusted for
non-operating effects)
 
Sales growth with regard to the
Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM
Hockey brands as well as 
 
Absolute and relative share price
developmenteach measured over the three-year
period from 2009 to 2011.  The amount
of the LTIP Bonus is calculated by
multiplying the accumulated degree
of achievement of the performance
cri­ eria by the target bonus detert
mined for each member of the Executive Board in advance.  The individual
payout amount of the LTIP Bonus is
limited to a maximum of 150% of the
individual target bonus (Cap).  If the
degree of target achievement lies
below 50%,  no LTIP Bonus will be
paid.  The possible payout of the LTIP
Bonus will be effected following the
approval of the consolidated financial
statements for the period ending on
December 31,  2011. 
 compensation component resulting
from a management share option plan
does not exist and is not planned. 

Executive Board compensation in detail
The total compensation paid to our

­ xecutive Board in the financial year
2009 amounted to € 10494 million
(2008: € 8416 million).  The increase
in comparison to the previous year
results from higher contributions to
the reserves for the LTIP 2009/2011. 
These are based on the new Executive
Board compensation structure which in
accordance with the statutory requirements is oriented towards sustainable corporate development.  The new
compensation structure provides for
an increase in the share of the LTIP
Bonus in the total compensation and a
decrease in the weighting of the Performance Bonus.  For 2009,  howeverthe Performance Bonus laid down in
the prior year is applicable,  which had a
higher share in the total compensation
than the LTIP Bonus.  In absolute termsthe Performance Bonus decreased in
2009,  despite the significant reduction of
net debt,  due to the decline in consolidated net income. 
Taking into account the compensation structure of the adidas Group and
relevant benchmarks,  the review of the
compensation system and the individual
compensation components in the financial year 2009 convinced the Supervisory
Board that all compensation elementsboth individually and in total,  are appropriate and aligned with sustainable development of the company. 
Criteria for the appropriateness of
compensation are the tasks and contribution of the respective Executive Board
member to the Group's success,  his individual performance as well as that of the
entire Executive Board. 

In addition,  the Group's size and global
orientation as well as its economic
situation and prospects are taken into
consideration.  The variable compensation components are designed in such a
way that the achievement of the sustainable targets set by the LTIP 2009/2011
poses a significantly higher incentive for
our Executive Board members than the
achievement of the targets necessary
for granting the Performance Bonus. 
Corresponding contractual regulations
ensure that this weighting will also be
maintained in the future.  Through its
three-year term and the concrete definition of the performance criteria,  the LTIP
2009/2011 contains the required perennial basis for determination. 

Benefits in case of resignation
from office
The following description of the benefits
which our Executive Board members will
receive in the event of termination of their
Executive Board mandate already takes
into account the service contract concluded with our CEO in December 2009which is effective as of March 6,  2010. 
   ension commitments

The individual contractual pension commitments entitle our Executive Board
members to a lifelong retirement pension
or survivor's benefits upon reaching the
age of 65 years,  in case of permanent
occupational disability or death. 
 
The level of retirement pension payment is determined as a percentage of
the pensionable income which currently
corresponds to the fixed annual salary
stated in the adjacent table. 2)

N°

Executive Board Total Compensation in 2009

01

€ in thousands 
Non-performance-related

­ ompensation components 
Performancerelated

­ ompensation
component 
Compensation
component
with long-term
incentive effect 1)

Annual
fixed salary 
Herbert Hainer (CEO)
Glenn Bennett 2)
Robin J.  Stalker
Erich Stamminger
Total 
Other
benefits 
Performance
Bonus 
LTIP Bonus
2009/2011

1250
431
500
700
2881

27
25
13
36
101

1512
581
612
1107
3812

Total 
1400
700
700
900
3700

4189
1737
1825
2743
10494

1) The indicated amount corresponds to the amount placed in reserves based on the forecasted degree of target achievement as at the balance 
­
sheet date.  The amount of a possible payout is not specified.  Only if targets are met will payment be due following the approval of the annual
consolidated financial statements for the period ending on December 31,  2011. 
2)  n accordance with Glenn Bennett's contract,  the following compensation components were granted in US dollars: fixed annual salary

$ 600000,  other benefits $ 35000,  Performance Bonus $ 810000.  An exchange rate of 13932 $/€ (annual average rate 2009) was used as
the basis for calculation. 

N°

Executive Board Total Compensation in 2008

02

€ in thousands 
Non-performance-related

­ ompensation components 
Performancerelated

­ ompensation
component 
Compensation
component
with long-term
incentive effect 
Annual
fixed salary 
Herbert Hainer (CEO)
Glenn Bennett 1)
Robin J.  Stalker
Erich Stamminger
Total 
Other
benefits 
Performance
Bonus 
LTIP Bonus
2006/2008

1250
408
500
700
2858

26
13
11
106 2)
156

1680
612
680
1230
4202

480
240
240
240
1200

Total 
3436
1273
1431
2276
8416

1)  n accordance with Glenn Bennett's contract,  the following compensation components were granted in US dollars: fixed annual salary

$ 600000,  other benefits $ 19000,  Performance Bonus $ 900000.  An exchange rate of 14702 $/€ (annual average rate 2008) was used as
the basis for calculation. 
2) Also contains a tax adjustment due to different tax rates in Germany and the USA. 


2)  xception for Glenn Bennett and Robin J.  Stalker,  who,  in the financial year 2009,  abstained from the contractually agreed increase

in their annual fixed salaries for the calendar year 2009 as of the point of renewing their contract on March 6,  2009. 
Base amount for Glenn Bennett: $ 660000 ( € 474000). 
Base amount for Robin J.  Stalker: € 550000. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Compensation Report 

  39

Starting from a base amount totalling
10% of the pensionable income,  the pension entitlement increases by 2% for each
full year of tenure as an Executive Board
member of adidas AG 1) and can reach a
maximum level of 40% of pensionable
income.  In the event of the retirement
of an Executive Board member prior
to reaching the statutory retirement
age,  the non-forfeiture of the pension
entitlement will be in line with the legal
provisions.  The dynamisation of current
pension payments is made in accordance
with statutory regulations unless a surplus from the pension fund is used after
the commencement of retirement for an
increase in retirement benefits. 
 
The disability pension amounts to 100%
of the achieved pension entitlements. 
 
The lifelong survivor's benefits amount
to 50% of the pension entitlements for
the spouse,  a half-orphan's pension of
15% or an orphan's pension of 30% of
the pension entitlements for dependent
children,  in total however not more than
100% of the pension entitlements. 

  Commitments to Executive Board
members upon premature end of tenure
If a member of the Executive Board dies
during the term of his service contracthis spouse,  or alternatively any dependent children of the Executive Board
member,  receive the pro-rata annual
fixed salary for the month of death and
the following three months but no longer
than until the agreed end date of the
service contract. 
Further commitments to Executive Board members upon the premature termination of tenure do not exist. 
For Herbert Hainer,  CEO,  whose service
contract has a term of more than three
years,  however,  the severance payment
­
relating to payment claims for the
remaining period of his service contract
has been limited to a maximum of twice
the overall annual compensation (Severance Payment Cap) in case of premature
termination of tenure which is not due to
good cause.  In this respect,  the overall
annual compensation means his overall
compensation for the last full financial
year prior to his resignation from the
Executive Board as presented in the
compensation report while considering
the expected total compensation for the
current financial year.  If the contract is
terminated due to a change of control,  a
possible severance payment is limited to
150% of the Severance Payment Cap. 

1)  erbert Hainer and Erich Stamminger were both first appointed on April 1,  1997.  Robin J.  Stalker was first appointed

on January 1,  2001.  For Glenn Bennett,  instead of his first appointment date (April 1,  1997),  January 1,  2000,  is used
for the calculation of his pension entitlements.  His base amount totals 20% of the pension entitlement. 
2) Glenn Bennett
3) Robin J.  Stalker
4) Herbert Hainer 
40 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Compensation Report 
For the other Executive Board memberswho all have service contracts for a duration of up to three years,  no Severance
Payment Caps exist due to the relatively
short contractual terms. 
  Commitments to Executive Board
members upon regular end of tenure
In case of regular termination of the ser­
vice contract,  i, e.  in case of non-renewal
of the service contract or termination
due to reaching the retirement agethe respective Executive Board member receives a follow-up bonus up to the
amount of 75% 2),  100% 3) or 125% 4) of the
Performance Bonus received for the last
full financial year as individually agreed. 
The follow-up bonus is payable in two
tranches,  12 and 24 months following
the end of the contract.  Instead of the

­ ollow-up bonus,  the service contract with
Erich Stamminger contains a severance
payment of 100% of the last annual fixed
salary in the event that ­ didas AG decides

not to renew his contract although he
would be willing to continue his function
as Executive Board member under the
existing conditions. 

No loans granted to Executive
Board members
As in the years before,  the members
of the Executive Board did not receive
any loans or advance payments from

­ didas AG in 2009. 
Miscellaneous
Our Executive Board members do not
receive any additional compensation for
mandates held within the adidas Group. 
In the event of claims raised against
members of the Executive Board for
indemnification of losses incurred in connection with their acts and omissionsthe adidas Group's directors' and ­ fficers'

group liability insurance covers the
personal liability of the Executive Board
members.  For cases of damage occurring
after July 1,  2010,  there is,  for the first
time,  a deductible of 10% of the damage up to a maximum of one and a half
times the fixed annual salary for all cases
of damage within one financial year in
accordance with the statutory provisions
and recommendations of the ­ erman

Corporate Governance Code  see the
­Declaration on Corporate Governance including
the Corporate Governance Report,  p.  33. 

Payments to former members of the
Executive Board and their surviving
dependants
In the financial year 2009,  pension payments to former Executive Board members amounted to € 2188 million (2008:
€ 1735 million).  Total pension provisions
for pension entitlements of this group
of persons amount to € 39522 million
(2008: € 36422 million). 
Compensation of the Supervisory Board
The compensation of our Supervisory
Board members is determined by the
Annual General Meeting and regulated
by § 18 of the Articles of Association of

­ didas AG.  The compensation is linked to
the size of the Group and to the responsibility and scope of activities of the

­ upervisory Board members.  After the
respective financial year,  the members
receive fixed compensation for their
function as well as compensation for
the chairmanship of or membership in
committees.  There is no variable compensation granted in addition  see the
Declaration on Corporate Governance including
the Corporate Governance Report,  p.  33. 

Supervisory Board members who have been
members of the Supervisory Board only
for a part of the financial year receive a
pro-rated amount of compensation. 

The fixed annual payment for each
member of the Supervisory Board
amounts to € 40000.  Three times this
amount is paid to the Chairman and
twice this amount is paid to each Deputy
Chair­ erson.  ­ embers of the General

M

­ ommittee or the Audit Committee
receive an allowance of € 20000 and
€ 40000,  respectively.  The chairman of a
committee receives an additional annual
allowance of € 40000,  while the Chairman of the Audit Committee receives an
allowance of € 60000.  The members of
the Steering Committee,  the Mediation
Committee,  the Nomination Committee
and committees which are established
ad hoc do not receive additional compensation.  If a Supervisory Board member
is in more than one committee,  the
member receives only compensation for
his/her task in the committee with the
highest compensation.  The Supervisory
Board members are reimbursed for all
expenses incurred in connection with
their mandates as well as for the VAT
payable on their compensation,  insofar
as they can charge for it separately and
do so. 
Due to the new arrangement of
memberships in committees and the
chairmanships on May 7,  2009 following
the election of the new Supervisory Board
 see Supervisory Board,  p.  26,  the overall
compensation of the Supervisory Board
increased to € 898871 (2008: € 860000)
in the financial year 2009. 

No loans to Supervisory
Board members
As in the years before,  the members of
the Supervisory Board did not receive any
loans or advance payments from adidas
AG in 2009. 
Miscellaneous
In the event of claims raised against
members of the Supervisory Board for
indemnification of losses incurred in

­ onnection with their acts and omissionsthe adidas Group's directors' and ­ fficers'

group liability insurance covers the
personal liability of the Executive Board
members.  For cases of damage occurring
after July 1,  2010,  there is,  for the first
time,  a deductible of 10% of the ­ amage

up to a maximum of one and a half times
the fixed annual compensation for all
cases of damage within one financial year
in accordance with the recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code  see the Declaration on Corporate
Governance including the Corporate Governance
Report,  p.  33. 

N°

Compensation of the Supervisory Board 
03

in €
2009

2008

138871

100000

78871

40000

78871
25914

40000
—

51828

—

65914

40000

64785

—

52957
25914

40000
—

80000
40000
40000

80000
40000
40000

56344

160000

35215

100000

35215

100000

28172
898871

80000
860000

Members of the Supervisory Board
as at December 31,  2009
Igor Landau
(Chairman of the Supervisory BoardChairman of the General Committee)

Sabine Bauer
(Deputy Chairwoman of the Supervisory BoardMember of the General Committee)

Willi Schwerdtle
(Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory BoardMember of the General Committee)

Dieter Hauenstein 1)
Dr.  Wolfgang Jäger 1)
(Member of the Audit Committee)

Dr.  Stefan Jentzsch
(Member of the Audit Committee)

Herbert Kauffmann 1)
(Chairman of the Audit Committee)

Roland Nosko
(Member of the General Committee)

Alexander Popov 1)
Hans Ruprecht
(Member of the Audit Committee)

Heidi Thaler-Veh
Christian Tourres
Members of the Supervisory Board

­ncumbent until the end of the Annual

­ eneral Meeting on May 7,  2009
Dr.  Hans Friderichs
(Chairman of the Supervisory BoardChairman of the General CommitteeMember of the Audit Committee)

Fritz Kammerer
(Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory BoardMember of the General Committee)

Dr.  iur.  Manfred Gentz
(Chairman of the Audit Committee)

Klaus Weiß
(Member of the General CommitteeMember of the Audit Committee)

Total 
1)  ince the end of the Annual General Meeting on May 7,  2009,  member of the

Supervisory Board for the first time. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Compensation Report 

  41

Our Share
In 2009,  the adidas AG share as well as international stock markets recovered significantly from prior year declines.  Negative
impacts of recessionary pressures,  low consumer confidence and rising unemployment at the beginning of the year were more
than offset by major economic indicators signalling an accelerating economic recovery over the course of the year.  Supported
by rising confidence in our Group's medium-term prospects,  the adidas AG share increased 39% in 2009.  It thereby significantly
outperformed the DAX-30,  which gained 24% over the same period.  As a result of the decline in the Group's net income
attributable to shareholders in 2009,  we intend to propose a lower dividend per share at our 2010 Annual General Meeting
compared to the prior year. 

N°

The adidas AG Share 
Number of shares outstanding
  2009 average
  At year-end 2009 1)
Type of share
Free float
Initial Public Offering
Share split
Stock exchange
Stock registration number (ISIN)
Stock symbol
Important indices 
01
196220166
209216186
No-par-value share
100%
November 17,  1995
June 6,  2006 (in a ratio of 1: 4)
All German stock exchanges
DE0005003404
ADS,  ADSG. DE
DAX-30
MSCI World TextilesApparel & Luxury Goods
Deutsche Börse Prime Consumer
Dow Jones STOXX
Dow Jones EURO STOXX
Dow Jones Sustainability
FTSE4Good Europe
Ethibel Index Excellence Europe
ASPI Eurozone Index
ECPI Ethical Index EMU

1) All shares carry full dividend rights. 

42 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Our Share 
International stock markets perform
strongly after weak prior year
In 2009,  international stock markets,  the
DAX-30 and the adidas AG share recovered considerably from the significant
declines in the prior year.  The adidas
AG share price increased 39% over the
course of the year,  clearly outperforming the DAX-30,  but underperforming the
MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury
Goods Index,  which gained 24% and
53%,  respectively  see   05.  The strong
performance of the latter was mainly
attributable to the high share of luxury
goods companies in the index,  which on
average outperformed companies in the
sporting goods sector.  At the beginning
of the year,  equity markets declined to
12-year lows as a result of ­ ontinued

weak economic data points,  record
low consumer confidence,  rising unemployment rates and depressed corporate
earnings prospects.  During the second
quarter,  markets started to recoverspurred by further monetary and fiscal
stimuli by policymakers.  Better than
expected results of the US bank stress
test as well as rising oil and commodity prices also added to positive investor
sentiment. 

In the third quarter,  international stock
markets sustained the positive momentum and gained substantially.  This was
mainly attributable to major economic
indicators signalling that the economic
and financial crisis had passed its troughfurther solidifying market participants'
expectations of an approaching recovery. 
Better than expected corporate results
and positive news flow during the Q2
earnings season added to the trend.  In
the fourth quarter,  increases in global
indices moderated.  Deteriorating sovereign debt ratings and mixed economic
data points led to volatile international
stock markets as question marks were
raised about the pace and magnitude of
the economic recovery. 

adidas AG share price recovers
significantly
In line with equity market performancethe adidas AG share price declined at
the beginning of the year,  continuing the
downward trend from 2008. 

While the announcement of cost-saving
initiatives and better than expected 2008
annual results positively impacted our
share price,  weak retail sales data and
the lack of catalysts for a quick economic recovery burdened our share
price performance throughout the first
quarter.  In line with market sentiment
improvements at the beginning of the
second quarter,  the adidas AG share
recovered the losses of the previous

­ uarter.  However,  the announcement
of our first ­ uarter results on May 5

negatively impacted our share price on
the day and immediately following the
announcement.  From mid-May onwardshowever,  the adidas AG share started
to increase again due to several broker
upgrades and in line with general market
trends.  During the third quarter,  positive
momentum continued. 

adidas AG share member of
important indices
The adidas AG share is included in a
variety of high-quality indices around
the world,  most importantly the DAX-30
and the MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel &
Luxury Goods Index. 

Strong sustainability track record
reflected in index memberships
In recognition of our social and environmental efforts,  adidas AG is listed
in several sustainability indices.  For the
tenth consecutive time,  adidas AG has
been included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes (DJSI).  The indexes,  which
analyse and track the social,  environmental and financial performance of
more than 300 companies worldwiderated adidas AG for the seventh time in
 row as industry leader in sustainability
issues and corporate responsibility in the
category 'Clothing,  Accessories & Footwear".  In addition,  adidas AG was named
'Super Sector Leader" 2009/2010 in the
sector 'Personal & Household Goods"
for the second consecutive time and thus
ranks among the most sustainable companies worldwide. 

N°

adidas AG market capitalisation
at year-end  € in millions
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009

02
8122
7679
10438
5252
7902

N°

adidas AG high and low share prices
per month 1) 

03
3876
3719

3813

3660
3150

3264

3650
3148

3363
3042

3008
2528

2788
2571

2950

2647

— 30-day moving average 

2399

20

2273

30

2919

40

3061

Dec.  2009

2514

Jan.  2009

2301

In addition,  adidas AG was again included
in the FTSE4Good Europe Index.  This
positive reassessment acknowledges
the Group's social,  environmental and
ethical engagement,  and encourages
us to continue and intensify our efforts
to improve our sustainability performance.  Also,  adidas AG was again included
in the Vigeo Group's Ethibel Excellence
Sustainability Index Europe as well as
in the ASPI Eurozone Index.  The Vigeo
Group is a leading European supplier of
extra-financial analysis that measures
companies' performance in the fields
of sustainable development and social
responsibility.  Further,  the adidas Group
was included for the fifth consecutive
time in the list of The Global 100 Most
Sustainable Corporations in the World. 
This is a project initiated by Corporate
Knights Inc.  with Innovest Strategic Value
Advisors Inc.,  a research firm specialised
in analysing extra-financial drivers of risk
and shareholder value.  Launched in 2005the annual list of The Global 100 Most
Sustainable Corporations in the World is
unveiled each year at the World Economic
Forum in Davos. 

2920

The DAX-30 is a blue chip stock market
index consisting of the 30 major German
companies trading on the Frankfurt Stock
Exchange. 
The MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel
& Luxury Goods Index comprises our
Group's major competitors.  At December
31,  2009,  our weighting in the DAX-30which is calculated on the basis of free
float market capitalisation and 12-month
share turnover,  was 149% (2008: 119%). 
Our increased weighting compared to
the prior year was mainly a result of our
higher market capitalisation,  as well as a
more moderate decline in share turnover
compared to the rest of the market.  Average daily trading volume of the adidas AG
share (excluding bank trades) declined
from 20 million in 2008 to 14 million
shares in 2009.  Within the DAX-30,  we
ranked 17 on market capitalisation (2008:
19) and 22 on turnover (2008: 25) at yearend 2009. 

2494

The adidas Group first half year resultsannounced on August 5,  were well
received by investors and further supported the upward development.  Several
­
analysts' upgrades and favourable comments regarding the Group's efforts to
reduce inventories and net borrowings
helped the adidas AG share outperform
the market. 
In the fourth quarter,  after the
announcement of the early redemption
of our € 400 million convertible bond on
October 7,  all bondholders converted into
ordinary shares.  However,  the resulting
issuance of 157 million additional ordinary shares had only a limited negative
impact on our share price development. 
Instead,  analysts acknowledged the early
achievement of the Group's mediumterm financial leverage target and better
than expected third quarter results published at the beginning of November.  As a
result,  our share price performed better
than the market through to year-end,  as
several analysts expressed their confidence in the Group's medium-term strategy.  Accordingly,  the adidas AG share
closed 2009 at € 3777,  having gained
39% over the course of the year.  Due to
this development,  our market capitalisation increased to € 79 billion at the end
of 2009 versus € 53 billion at the end of
2008  see   02. 

High and low share prices 
1)  ased on daily closing prices. 

Source: Bloomberg. 

Five-year share price development 1)
Dec.  31,  2004

N°

04
Dec.  31,  2009

190
160
130
100
70

— adidas AG  — DAX-30  — MSCI World Textiles,  Apparel & Luxury Goods Index
1) Index: December 31,  2004  100. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Our Share 

  43

Historical performance of adidas AG share 1)
and important indices at year-end 2009 in %

N°

05

 year 
 years 
 years 
10 years 
since IPO

39
24


(10)

27
40

103
(14)

335
170

53

(4)

33

58

137

adidas AG
DAX-30
MSCI World TextilesApparel & Luxury Goods
1) Source: Bloomberg. 

N°

Shareholder structure 1)
<1% Rest of the world 

06
  31% Rest of Europe 
3% Management 
10% Germany 
26% North America 

  29%  ther,  undisclosed


holdings 
1) In April 2009,  Management as at December 31,  2009. 

N°

Recommendation split 1)

22% Hold 

24% Sell 
1)  t year-end 2009. 

Source: Bloomberg. 

44 

  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Our Share 
07
  54% Buy 
adidas AG historically outperforms
benchmark indices
The adidas Group is committed to continuously enhancing shareholder value. 
The long-term development of our share
price reflects investor confidence and
the growth potential of our Group.  Over
the last ten years,  our share has gained
103%.  This represents a clear outperformance of both the DAX-30,  which
decreased 14%,  and the MSCI Indexwhich increased 58% during the period. 
ADR performs in line with
common stock
Since its launch on December 30,  2004our Level 1 American Depositary Receipt
(ADR) facility has enjoyed great popularity among American investors.  Roughly
in line with the development of our
common stock,  the Level 1 ADR closed
the year at US $2715,  representing
an increase of 40% versus the prior
year (2008: US $1935).  The number of
Level 1 ADRs outstanding decreased
to 54 million at year-end 2009 (2008:
89 million).  The average daily trading
volume decreased 33% compared to the
prior year.  Since November 2007,  the
adidas AG ADR is quoted on the OTCQX
International Premier market,  the highest over-the-counter market tier.  This
electronic trading forum includes leading
international companies with substantial operating businesses and credible
disclosure policies. 

Convertible bond fully converted
On October 8,  2009,  we announced the
early redemption of our € 400 million
convertible bond (ISIN DE0009038968). 
As a result of the favourable adidas AG
share price,  all bondholders exercised
their conversion rights before
redemption.  Due to the conversion
process,  15684274 new shares based
on the Contingent Capital 2003/II of
the company were issued.  These new
shares are entitled to dividends as of the
beginning of the financial year 2009. 
Dividend proposal of € 035 per share
The adidas AG Executive and Supervisory
Boards will recommend paying a dividend
of € 035 to shareholders at the Annual
General Meeting (AGM) on May 6,  2010
(2008: € 050).  Subject to the meeting's
approval,  the dividend will be paid on
May 7,  2010.  As a result of the decline in
the Group's net income attributable to
shareholders in 2009,  Management has
taken the decision to lower the dividend
level.  In light of the strong cash flow
generation in 2009 and the significantly
reduced level of net borrowings,  howeverManagement has decided to change its
dividend policy.  Going forward,  we intend
to pay out between 20 and 40% of net
income attributable to shareholders
(previously: 15 to 25%).  The total payout
of € 73 million (2008: € 97 million)
reflects an increase of our payout ratio to
30% of net income compared to 15% in
the prior year. 

Strong international investor base
Based on the amount of invitations to
our AGM in May 2009,  we estimate that
adidas AG currently has around 60000
shareholders.  In our latest ownership
analysis conducted in April 2009,  we
identified 71% of our shares outstanding.  Shareholdings in the North American market account for 26% of our total
shares outstanding.  Identified ­ erman

institutional investors hold 10% of
shares outstanding.  The shareholdings
in the rest of Europe excluding Germany
amount to 31%,  while 1% of institutional shareholders were identified in
other regions of the world.  adidas Group
Management,  which comprises current
members of the Executive and Super­
visory Boards,  holds 3% in total  see Corporate Governance Report,  p.  33.  Undisclosed
holdings,  which also include private
investors,  account for the remaining 29%
 see   06. 
Voting rights notifications received
All voting rights notifications in accordance with § 21 section 1 of the German
Securities Trading Act (Wertpapier­
handelsgesetz WpHG) received in 2009
and thereafter can be viewed on our
corporate website  www, adidas-Group, com/
votingrights­ otifications.  Information on

investments that have exceeded or fallen
below a certain threshold can also be
found in the Notes section of this Annual
Report see Note 26,  p.  189. 

adidas Group again receives
strong analyst support
The adidas Group continued to receive
strong analyst support in 2009.  Around
35 analysts from investment banks and
brokerage firms regularly published
research reports on our Group,  reflecting a noticeable increase compared to
the prior year.  Among others,  Barclay's

­ apital,  Morgan Stanley and ICAP Plc. 
initiated coverage during the year.  The
majority of analysts are confident about
the medium- and long-term potential
of our Group.  This is reflected in the
recommendation split for our share as
at December 31,  2009.  54% of analysts
recommended investors to 'buy" our
share in their last publication during
the 12-month period (2008: 53%).  22%
advised to 'hold" our share (2008: 34%). 
24% of the analysts recommended to
'sell" our share (2008: 13%)  see   07. 

Award-winning Investor Relations
activities
adidas AG strives to maintain continuous
close contact to institutional and private
shareholders as well as analysts.  In 2009Management and the Investor Relations
­
team spent more than 35 days on roadshows and presented at numerous
national and international conferences. 
The continuous efforts of the adidas
Group to deliver outstanding services to
our investors and analysts were acknow­
ledged in the investor relations surveys
conducted by the Institutional Investor
magazine and Thomson Reuters.  In the
sector Consumer/Luxury Goods,  the

­ didas Group was ranked number two
by the buy-side analysts in both surveys. 
The print version of our 2008 Annual
Report also achieved high recognition­
taking second place in the DAX-30
and third in the overall ranking by the
'­ anager Magazin" competition 'The

Best Annual Reports".  In additionthe adidas Group Annual Report 2008
was awarded the top spot in the global
ReportWatch ranking,  which assesses
a total of 300 companies worldwide. 

Extensive financial information
available online
We offer extensive information around
our share as well as the Group's strategy
and financial results on our corporate
website www, adidas-Group, com/investors. 
Our event calendar lists all conferences
and roadshows we attend and provides all
presentations for download.  In addition
to live webcasts of all major events such
as our Analyst Conferences,  the Annual
General Meeting and Investor Days,  we
also offer podcasts of our quarterly conference calls.  Since July 2009,  we offer a
quarterly Investor Relations Newsletter
in order to give our shareholders and the
financial market community a regular
update about the latest developments
of the adidas Group and the adidas AG
share. 

N°

Share ratios at a glance 
08
2009

Basic earnings per share
€
€
Diluted earnings per share
€
Operating cash flow per share
€
Year-end price
€
Year-high
€
Year-low
€
Dividend per share
€ in millions
Dividend payout

Dividend payout ratio

Dividend yield
€
Shareholders' equity per share
Price-earnings ratio at year-end
Average trading volume per
shares
trading day
DAX-30 ranking 3) at year-end
  by market capitalisation
  by turnover 
2008

125
122
611
3777
3876
2273
035 1)
73 2)
30 2)
09
1802
310

325
307
252
2714
5009
2148
050
97
15
18
1750
88

1381912

1966669

17
22

19
25

1) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 
2) Based on number of shares outstanding at year-end. 
3) As reported by Deutsche Börse AG. 

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS    Our Share 

  45

TERREX Lite Softshell Jacket
The Huber Brothers and adidas worked
closely together in developing the highquality features of the adidas Outdoor

­ roduct range.  One example is the

­ ERREX Lite Softshell Jacket which
allows total freedom of movement due to

­ ORMOTION™ technology,  while a unique
hybrid construction of WINDSTOPPER®
and Softshell finished with Nano-Tex®

­ ptimises the wearer's body temperature. 

20
09
Huber
Brothers
GERmany 
Corporate Mission Statement. ....................................................................  48
Our Brands  49
Major Locations and Promotion Partnerships  50
Group Strategy  52
Global Sales Strategy  54
  Wholesale Strategy  54
  Retail Strategy  56
Global Brands Strategy  58
  adidas Strategy  60
  Reebok Strategy  70
TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy  76
Rockport Strategy  82
Reebok-CCM Hockey Strategy  84
Global Operations  88
Research and Development  92
Employees  97
Sustainability  102

 Nameless Tower,  PAKISTAN August 14,  2009
It is day 4 in the rocks.  The Huber Brothers reach
another of their 'impossibles": the first redpoint ascent
of the Eternal Flame during their Pakistan expedition. 
Great weather conditions and high-quality products
smoothed their way to the summit.  Several legendary
climbers have tried and failed,  but the Huber Brothers
finally succeed in completing the 24 pitches red point with
difficulty levels up to 9+. 
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Overview 

  47

02
Group Management Report –
Our Group 
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP

02

Corporate Mission Statement 
We are committed 
We Are Dedicated 
to continuously strengthening our brands
and products to improve our competitive
position. 

to consistently delivering outstanding
fi
­ nancial results. 

20
09

Our Mission 
The adidas Group strives to be the global leader in the sporting goods industry
with sports brands built on a passion for sports and a sporting lifestyle. 

We are consumer focused
and therefore we continuously improve the
quality,  look,  feel and image of our products
and our organisational structures to match
and exceed consumer expectations and to
provide them with the highest value. 

48 

We are a global organisation
that is socially and environmentally
responsible,  creative and financially
rewarding for our employees and
shareholders. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Corporate Mission Statement 
We are innovation and
design leaders
who seek to help athletes of all skill levels
achieve peak performance with every
product we bring to market. 

Group Brands 
Wholesale 
Retail 
Other Businesses 
70% of Group sales 
18% of Group sales 
12% of Group sales 
adidas (72% of adidas Group sales)

TaylorMade-adidas Golf (8% of adidas Group sales)

adidas Sport Performance (78% of adidas sales)

TaylorMade (65% of TaylorMade-adidas Golf sales)

adidas Sport Style (22% of adidas sales)

adidas Golf (29% of TaylorMade-adidas Golf sales)

The guiding principle of the adidas Sport Performance division is to equip all athletes to
achieve their 'impossible".  Inspired by the motivation of our founder Adi Dassler,  Sport

­ erformance brings its passion for great products to athletes in all sports.  The main focus
is on five key categories: football,  running,  training,  basketball and outdoor. 

The Sport Style division houses two groups.  The Originals Group is the authentic,  iconic
sportswear label for the street and its message is Celebrate Originality.  The Style Group
is defined as the Future of Sportswear and includes the labels Y-3,  Porsche Design Sportadidas SLVR and adidas Style Essentials.  Through these four labels adidas brings authentic
sportswear to the full spectrum of lifestyle consumers. 

Reebok (16% of adidas Group sales)
Inspired by its roots in sport and fitness,  Reebok is a global brand that is committed to developing innovative
products which will allow Reebok to own Women's Fitness,  challenge in the Men's Sport category and revive
its Classics heritage. 

TaylorMade leads the golf industry in metalwood sales and in 2009 became the No.  1 iron
brand in the USA.  The brand is recognised globally for its capacity to develop innovative
and performance-enhancing technologies for drivers,  fairway woods,  hybrids,  irons,  putters
and balls. 

adidas Golf targets active,  serious,  athletic-minded golfers who recognise that advanced
technologies can significantly improve the performance of golf footwear and apparel. 

Ashworth (6% of TaylorMade-adidas Golf sales)

Ashworth is an authentic golf apparel brand known the world over for quality,  comfort and
distinctive design that moves effortlessly from the golf course to the clubhouse and beyond. 

Rockport (2% of adidas Group sales)
Building on nearly four decades of engineering expertise and a commitment to innovation,  Rockport designs
and markets dress,  casual and outdoor footwear that fuses contemporary style and engineered comfort

­ argeting the metropolitan consumer. 

Reebok-CCM Hockey (2% of adidas Group sales)
Reebok-CCM Hockey is one of the world's largest designers,  manufacturers and marketers of hockey
equipment and apparel with two of the world's most recognised hockey brand names: Reebok Hockey
and CCM Hockey. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Group Brands 

  49

Major Locations and Promotion Partnerships
The adidas Group sells products in virtually every country around the world.  As at December 31,  2009,  the Group had
177 subsidiaries worldwide with our headquarters located in Herzogenaurach,  Germany.  Our Group has also assembled
an unparalleled portfolio of promotion partnerships around the world,  including sports associations,  events,  teams and
individual athletes.  Our Group's most important locations and upcoming sporting events are highlighted on the world map. 

Major locations
Europe
adidas Group Headquarters,  Herzogenaurach,  Germany................................... 
adidas International Finance,  Amsterdam,  Netherlands.................................... 
adidas International Trading,  Amsterdam,  Netherlands.................................... 
adidas Group Russia,  Moscow,  Russia. ............................................................... 

Major promotion partnerships 2010
Orange Africa Cup of Nations 2010,  Angola  January 10 – 31,  2010..................... 
  01
  02
  03
  04

	A

adidas Official Match Ball Supplier 
EHF Handball EURO 2010,  Austria  January 19 – 31,  2010................................... 

	B

adidas Official Partner of European Handball Federation 
NFL Super Bowl,  Miami/Florida,  USA  February 7,  2010..................................... 

	C

Reebok Official Outfitter of National Football League 
North America
adidas North America,  Portland/Oregon,  USA.................................................... 
Reebok International Headquarters,  Canton/Massachusetts,  USA................... 
The Rockport Company Headquarters,  Canton/Massachusetts,  USA................ 
Reebok–CCM Hockey Headquarters,  Montreal/Quebec,  Canada....................... 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf Headquarters,  Carlsbad/California,  USA. ................... 
Sports Licensed Division Headquarters,  Canton/Massachusetts,  USA. ............ 

NBA All-Star Game,  Dallas/Texas,  USA  February 14,  2010................................ 
  05
  06
  07
  08
  09
  10

	D

adidas Official Outfitter of National Basketball Association 
IAAF Indoor World Championships,  Doha,  Qatar  March 12 – 14,  2010. .............. 

	E

adidas Official Partner 
Boston Marathon,  Boston/Massachusetts,  USA  April 19,  2010.......................... 

	F

adidas Official Apparel and Footwear Outfitter 
Flora London Marathon,  London,  UK  April 25,  2010........................................... 

	G

adidas Official Sponsor 
Asia
adidas Group Asia,  Hong Kong,  China. ................................................................    11

UEFA Europa League Final,  Hamburg,  Germany  May 12,  2010.......................... 
ICC World Twenty20,  West Indies  April 30 – May 16,  2010................................... 

Latin America
adidas Group Latin America,  Panama City,  Panama. .........................................    12

	H

adidas Official Match Ball Supplier 
	 I

adidas Official Supplier of Australia and England cricket teams 
UEFA Champions League Final,  Madrid,  Spain  May 22,  2010............................. 

	 J

adidas Official Ball Supplier for UEFA Champions League 
French Open,  Paris,  France  May 23 – June 6,  2010.............................................. 

	K

adidas Official Partner of Roland Garros 
2010 FIFA World Cup™,  South Africa  June 11 – July 11,  2010............................. 

	 L

adidas Official Partner of Fédération Internationale de Football AssociationOfficial Match Ball Supplier of FIFA

MLB All-Star Game,  Anaheim/California,  USA  July 13,  2010............................. 

	M

Reebok Official Licensee of Major League Baseball fan and lifestyle apparel
and Official Authentic Collection Footwear Supplier 
UEFA Super Cup,  Monaco  August 27,  2010.......................................................... 

	N

adidas Official Match Ball Supplier 
2010 FIBA World Championship,  Turkey  August 28 – September 12,  2010........ 

	O

adidas Official Supplier 
real, Berlin Marathon,  Berlin,  Germany  September 26,  2010.......................... 
adidas Official Partner 
50 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Major Locations and Promotion Partnerships

	P

Europe 
H 
02 
03 

P 

  adidas International Trading 
  UEFA Europa League Final
  real, - Berlin Marathon 
  adidas International Finance 
G 

01 

K 

  French Open 
B 

  EHF Handball EURO 2010

J 

08 

  Flora London Marathon 
N 

  UEFA Super Cup 
  UEFA Champions League Final 
  Reebok–CCM Hockey Headquarters 
04 
05 
M 
09 

	

D 
12 

  adidas North America
  MLB All-Star Game 
F 

  Boston Marathon 
Headquarters 
  NBA All-Star Game 
06 

  2010 FIBA World Championships 
  The Rockport Company Headquarters 
10 

O 

  adidas Russia 
  Reebok International Headquarters 
07 
  TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
  adidas Group Headquarters 
  Sports Licensed Division Headquarters 
I 
C 

11 

  adidas Group Asia 
  ICC World Twenty20
  NFL Super Bowl 
  adidas Group Latin America 
E 

  IAAF Indoor World Championships 
A 

  Orange Africa Cup of Nations 2010

L 

  2010 FIFA World Cup™

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Major Locations and Promotion Partnerships 

  51

Group Strategy
Our goal as a Group is to lead the sporting goods industry with brands built upon a passion for sports and a sporting lifestyle. 
Inspired by our heritage,  we know that a profound understanding of the consumer and customer is essential to achieving this
goal.  To anticipate and respond to their needs,  we continuously strive to create a culture of innovation,  challenging ourselves
to break with convention and embrace change.  By harnessing this culture,  we push the boundaries of products,  services and
processes to strengthen our competitiveness and maximise the Group's operational and financial performance.  This,  in turnwill drive long-term value creation for our shareholders. 

adidas Group Strategic Pillars 
Brand
Portfolio 
01

Build and manage a diverse brand
portfolio with distinctive brands

­ overing consumers from sport

­ erformance to sport lifestyle. 

Markets/
Channels 
N°

Focus investment on the highestpotential markets and our distinct
channel approach. 

Supply
Chain 
Become 'closest to every consumer"
by building and managing a supply
­
chain that quickly responds to

­ hanging market needs and supports
multiple distinct business models. 

Innovation 
Require a culture of continuous
­

­nnovation through improvements
of products,  services and processes. 

Team 
Develop a team that is grounded in

our rich heri­ age and is committed
to the positive values found in sport
– performance,  passion,  integrity
and diversity and that values
sustainability. 

Reorganisation of Group provides solid
platform for growth
In 2009,  the adidas Group took the
strategic decision to move from a vertically integrated brand structure into a
functional multi-brand structure for the
adidas and Reebok brands.  This led to
the creation of a Global Sales function
­
responsible for the commercial activities
and a Global Brands function responsible
­
for the marketing activities of both
brands.  In addition,  the Global Sales
organisation was split into Wholesale and
Retail,  to cater more appropriately to the
different needs of these two distinctive
business models.  This new structure follows two important principles: to foster
further alignment and strengthen brand
management to drive long-term sustainable growth,  while at the same time
ensuring coordinated and best practice
execution in the marketplace. 

To transition to the new structure,  the
Group initiated several measures in 2009
including:
  stablishment of joint operating

m
­ odels for the adidas and Reebok
brands in most markets around the
globe. 
  limination of regional ­ eadquartersE

moving to more direct interaction
between local markets and global
functions. 
  eparation of the responsibility

between Global Brands and Global
Sales management on the Board level. 
Herbert Hainer,  adidas Group CEOadditionally assumed direct responsibility for Global Sales.  At the same
time,  Erich Stamminger,  Member
of the Executive Board of the adidas
Group,  took responsibility for Global
Brands. 
The new structure will allow us to better
leverage the strengths of our management team and deliver best-in-class
service to our consumers and customers. 

52 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Group Strategy 
Due to the different business models of
TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  Rockport and
Reebok-CCM Hockey,  these operating
segments are not part of the new matrix
structure. 

Diverse brand portfolio
Consumers want choice.  Whether it is
the athlete looking for the best ­ ossible

equipment,  or the casual consumer
searching for the next fashion trend,  we
are inspired to develop and ­ reate experic
ences that engage consumers in longlasting relationships with our brands.  To
maximise our consumer reach,  we have
embraced a multi-brand strategy.  This
approach allows us to tackle opportunities from several perspectives,  as both
 mass and a niche player,  providing
distinct and relevant products to a wide
spectrum of consumers.  In this way,  each
brand is able to keep a unique identity
and focus on its core competencies,  while

­ imultaneously providing our Group with
 broad product offering,  increasing our
leverage in the marketplace. 

Investments focused on highest
potential markets and channels
As a Group,  we target leading market
positions in all markets where we compete.  However,  with almost 180 sub­
sidiaries worldwide,  we have prioritised
our investments based on those markets
which offer the best medium- to longterm growth and profitability opportunities.  In this respect,  we continue to place
 considerable emphasis on expanding
our activities in the emerging marketsparticularly China and Russia  see Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  156. 
No matter in which market we
operate,  we recognise that consumer
buying behaviour and the retail landscape
are unique.  Therefore,  to fully exploit
market opportunities,  we tailor our distribution strategy to present our brands to
the consumer in the most impactful way. 
This is achieved by following a distinctive
channel approach.  We strive to provide
our customers with superior service to
secure prime shelf space for our brandswhile continuing our commitment to
building a strategic competency in own
retail and e-commerce  see Global Salesp.  54. 
Creating a flexible supply chain
Speed and agility are key to outpacing
the competition.  We are committed to
meeting the full range of customer and
consumer needs by ensuring product
availability in the correct size and colour,  providing game-changing technical
innovations and also the latest high-end
fashion product to the highest quality
standards. 

We strive to shorten creation and production lead times by continuously improving
our infrastructure,  processes and systems.  By sharing information from point
of sale to source and vice versa,  we strive
to connect and more closely integrate
the various elements of our supply chainto enable quick reaction to changing
consumer trends.  To this end,  we focus
on building maximum flexibility.  While
leveraging the efficiency of common
infrastructure and processes,  the Group
strives to provide tailored solutions for all
our business models,  be it the wholesale
or retail channels,  or the performanceoriented or style-oriented businesses
 see Global Operations,  p.  88. 

Leading through innovation
Everyone in the adidas Group is responsible for driving innovation.  Therefore,  we
foster a culture of challenging convention
and embracing change,  and require all
areas of the Group to generate at least
one new meaningful innovative improvement per year.  In particular,  we believe
that technological evolution and cuttingedge design in our products are essential
to achieving sustainable leadership in our
industry  see Research and Developmentp.  92.  Beyond this,  enhancing services for
our customers  see Global Sales,  p.  54,  and
implementing more efficient and effective
internal processes are other areas where
our organisation strives to innovate. 

Develop a team grounded
in our heritage
Our culture is continuously shaped by
influences from the past,  present and
future.  We perpetuate our founder's

­ ommitment to the athlete/consumerpride in what we do,  quality and love of
sport.  We win as a team through open
communication,  collaboration and our
shared values found in sport  see 
'Shared Values". 
Further,  we are particularly focused
on ensuring best-practice social and
environmental standards.  We encourage
socially and environmentally ­ esponsible

behaviour,  because we know it will

­ enerate superior long-term value for
our Group  see Substainability,  p.  102. 

shared values
  Performance
  Passion
  Integrity
  Diversity
see Corporate Mission Statement,  p.  48. 

Creating shareholder value
Sustainable revenue and operating profit
growth are critical to our success.  Creating value for our shareholders through
significant cash flow generation drives
our overall decision-making process. 
For each of our segments,  we pursue the
avenues for growth which we expect to
be most value-enhancing,  with particular
emphasis on improving profitability.  In
addition,  rigorously managing working
­
capital and optimising our capital

­ tructure remain key priorities for us.  As
always,  we are committed to increasing
returns to shareholders with aboveindustry-average share price performance and dividends. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Group Strategy 

  53

Global Sales Strategy
In 2009,  the adidas Group established the Global Sales function,  to promote and fully leverage the commercial activities of the
adidas and Reebok brands.  The function is organised into two distinctive channels Wholesale and Retail.  By catering more
specifically to these two business models,  the Group is in a better position to act on multiple customer and consumer needs,  be
more responsive to market developments and manage channel synergies by establishing best practices worldwide. 

Wholesale Strategic Pillars 
N°

01

TO BECOME THE
GLOBALLY LEADING
SALES ORGANISATION IN
THE SPORTING GOODS INDUSTRY
Activating our brands at retail
Building strong partnerships
with leading and most dynamic retailers
Leading in cost to serve,  best-in-class in efficiency
Leading in all channels 
54 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Global Sales Strategy 
Excellence in execution in all
markets and channels
In 2009,  the Global Sales function was
formed to direct all local market organisations responsible for the distribution of
the adidas and Reebok brands.  A crucial
element to achieving commercial success
is the understanding that brand presentation must be competitive in an environment where consumers make their final
purchase decisions based on availability­
convenience and breadth of product
offering.  Therefore,  the key priority of
Global Sales is to design and implement
state-of-the-art commercial strategies
that ultimately engage consumers with
interactive product and rewarding pointof-sale experiences. 
To better achieve these goalsG
­ lobal Sales is organised into two oper­
ating segments,  Wholesale and Retailrecognising that different skill sets
are required to manage these distinctive
channels. 

Wholesale is defined as every business
where the consumer pays his purchase
to a non-Group retailer,  while Retail is
defined as any business where the consumer pays his purchase directly to an
entity of the adidas Group. 
As part of their mandates,  these
segments are also primarily responsible
for the delivery of the short-term operational targets and financial goals for the
adidas and Reebok brands.  As suchfollowing the Group's reorganisationWholesale and Retail are the primary
operating segments of the adidas Group. 

Wholesale: becoming the leading
sales organisation
The main strategic objective of the
Wholesale segment is to deliver profitable market share growth by becoming
the most effective and efficient sales
organisation in the sporting goods industry.  To realise this,  the Wholesale sales
organisation takes the go-to-market
strategies handed over by Global Brandsand commercialises them within a clearly
defined framework across various distribution channels. 

Our most important distribution channels are sporting goods chains,  department stores,  independent sporting goods
retailer buying groups,  lifestyle retail
chains and e-tailers.  In this respectWholesale strives to establish strong
partnerships with the most dynamic
retailers in their respective channel of
distribution by offering best-in-class
and tailored services.  The principles to
achieve this include:
  ifferentiating and segmenting

product offering to match channel
strengths. 
  armonising and standardising of sellH
ing models and processes to achieve
efficiency and cost leverage and reduce
working capital requirements. 

Customer and range segmentation
to drive effectiveness
Rolling out standardised product
range packages around the globe is an
important part of the Group's wholesale
strategy.  The initiative,  which was first
designed and implemented in Europeinvolves a customer segmentation
strategy that facilitates the systematic
allocation of differentiated product packages to groups of comparable ­ ustomers. 

This segmentation is broadly based on a
distinction between sports and lifestyle
retailers that either have an up-market
'brand-driven" positioning or a valueo
­ riented 'commercial" positioning.  By
best suiting their specific needs,  this
provides Global Sales a platform to

­ etter exploit market potential,  while at
the same time supporting the reduction of complexity and costs.  In additionWholesale continues to partner with

­ etailers on increasing the level and
quality of sell-through information the
Group receives.  This creates a mutually
beneficial understanding of their needs
that will help the Group become a more
valuable and reliable business partner to
our retailers,  driving incremental business opportunities. 
Retail Space Management to
drive efficiency
Retail Space Management (RSM) comprises all business models helping Global
Sales to expand controlled space in retail. 

The Wholesale function is cooperating
with retailers along the entire supply
chain to bring best-in-class service all
the way through to the point of sale.  By
helping to improve the profitability per
square metre for the Group's retail partners as well as improving product availability,  we can achieve higher customer
satisfaction,  thus driving share of retail
shelf space. 
The three predominant models to
drive the success of RSM for the adidas
Group are Never-out-of-stock,  FLASH
collections and Franchising. 
 Never-out-of-stock (NOOS): The NOOS
programme comprises a core range
of basic articles,  mostly on an 18 – 24
months lifecycle,  that are selling across
all channels and markets.  Overall,  the
NOOS replenishment model secures high
levels of product availability throughout
the season,  allowing for quick adaptation
to demand patterns.  Retailers have to
provide dedicated retail space,  co-invest
in fixtures and fittings and commit to a
'first fill" representing about 25% of total
expected seasonal demand to participate
in this programme.  In return,  customers
­
can profit from significantly reduced
inventory risk on these products.  Most
NOOS articles are on an end-to-end

­ upply chain,  thus limiting the adidas
Group's inventory risk as we re-produce
following customer demand. 

 FLASH collections: The FLASH programme consists of pre-defined collection packages that are delivered every
4 – 6 weeks to retailers' doors,  including
basic point-of-sale promotional materials to promote dedicated retail space
provided by the retailer.  All articles of the
FLASH packages are exclusively developed for this programme with the intention to bring freshness to the retail space. 
With a short development lead time,  we
are able to reflect recent product and
colour trends in the FLASH range.  As no
samples are available during sell-in,  the
­
customers buy into a business propos­
ition rather than traditionally selecting
­
individual articles.  In return for this

­ ommitment,  the retailers have the right
to selectively return articles of every
FLASH collection that have not sold out
during the defined retail window.  Overallthe FLASH programme helps to improve
brand image while limiting inventory
risk for the customers.  The FLASH programme has been started in 2010,  with
full-scale rollout planned from 2012
onwards. 
 Franchising: Mono-branded store
franchising is one of the Group's prime
growth opportunities,  as it offers superior
brand presentation.  Franchise stores are
financed and operated by franchise partners.  The adidas Group normally contributes to the costs for brand-­ pecific

fixtures and fittings each store has to be
equipped with. 

Further,  we support our franchise
partners with a comprehensive franchise
concept,  including range propos­tionsi
IT systems,  training concepts,  and
guidelines for store building and store
operations.  This ensures that the quality
of the brand presentation and the service
offered to the consumer are at all times
high and comparable to our own retail
stores. 

Harmonisation and standardisation
of processes to exploit leverage
While understanding that market and
consumer needs require differentiated
distribution policies,  the establishment
of the Global Sales function is also an
enabler to further leverage the size of
our Group and reduce complexity by
implementing best operational practices
across our wholesale activities.  The harmonisation and standardisation particularly of back-end processes can help to
further reduce cost through simplified
IT systems and applications.  Similarlyand already started in Europe,  we are
rolling out a trade terms policy that
rewards customer performance either
by higher efficiency (e.g.  in logistics) or
better sell-out support (e.g.  by point-ofsale activation).  As part of this effort we
will harmonise trade terms definitionsand we have established regular reporting,  delivering meaningful benchmarks
that allow us to tightly control our
investments. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Global Sales Strategy 

  55

Retail Strategic Pillars 
N°

02

TO BECOME A
TOP RETAILER BY DELIVERING
HEALTHY,  SUSTAINABLE GROWTH
WITH OUTSTANDING RETURN ON INVESTMENT
Focus on consumers
Achieve operational excellence
Exploit portfolio of brands
Leverage global presence and scale 
Retail: becoming one of the top
retailers in the world
Our strategic vision for Retail is to
become one of the top retailers in the
world by delivering healthy,  sustainable growth with outstanding return on
investment.  Over the past five yearsthe adidas Group has evolved into a
significant retailer,  operating more that
2200 stores for the adidas and Reebok
brands worldwide.  In light of the increase
in importance of retail to the Group's
performance,  a new retail leadership
team was established in 2009.  This team
is mandated to create global retail guidelines that enable higher efficiency and a
common framework to drive long-term
profitability for the adidas and Reebok
retail operations around the globe. 
To become a more successful
retailer,  Retail has defined four strategic
pillars:
 
focus on the consumer 
achieve operational excellence 
exploit Retail's portfolio of brands 
leverage the Group's global presence
and scale. 
To execute on these pillars,  Retail has set
its strategic priorities around improving
its delivery on the five P's of retail. 

56 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Global Sales Strategy 
People
The consumer and our employees
are the primary reference points for
Retail's business model.  Retail constantly strives to interpret and adapt to
consumer demand,  targeting a mix of
new and loyal consumers,  whether it be
­
sports-active,  sports-inspired or casual
consumers.  A focus area for development in this respect is the creation of
loyalty programmes that are attractive
to the various consumer groups of our
brands.  To make sure that consumer
needs are being met,  Retail will set up
organisational teams and recruit store
staff that are passionate,  knowledgeable
and whose highest priority is to serve
the consumer. 
Products
The key element of Retail's product
strategy is to ensure that relevant products are presented through the Group's
various retail formats to match the
intended consumer profile.  This requires
 product offering that needs to be pricecompetitive,  simple to understand,  easy
to find and,  most importantly,  available
at the right time and at the right place. 
To achieve this goal,  Retail will ­everage

the product assortments,  concepts and
point-of-sale materials provided by

­ lobal Brands in an effort to match realtime consumer trends. 

Premises
The start of a pleasant shopping experience is the store.  It is the meeting point
between the consumer and the brands. 
Therefore,  it is of highest importance that
our retail environments are ­nspirationali
athletic,  fun and interactive,  while at
the same time being laid out clearly
and logically to make it easy to shop. 
Another focus of the premises strategy
is related to the real estate management ­ rocess.  To efficiently drive higher

sales per square metre,  Retail is setting
up real estate teams who focus on two
main elements.  Firstly,  store location and
store size must fit to the local market. 

­ econdly,  retail location must follow
 joint distribution roadmap aligning

­ istribution policy between ­ holesale

and Retail.  To this end,  in 2009 we put a
cross-functional team in place to analyse
every country and every major city to
avoid business cannibalisation. 

Processes
Streamlining and harmonising retail
store operations and supply chain

­ rocesses to gain the necessary speed
to respond to consumer requests is a
top priority for Retail in 2010.  From a
store perspective,  a key initiative is to
embed new retail standards that drive
visual merchandising effectiveness and
back-office consistency in all markets. 
In addition,  Retail will also continue to
work on adapting the supply chain and
buying and demand planning processes. 
This is essential as we strive to increase
our in-season flexibility,  be more responsive to changing trends and to achieve
economies of scale for the Group's retail
activities. 

Profitability
To increase the commerciality and profitability of the Group's existing retail assets
is the primary focus for all retail teamswhether they are working in logisticsstore operations,  marketing or any other
retail function.  Therefore,  in the short
term,  we will limit new store openings
and close down stores not reaching their
potential,  as well as implement new store
review processes to ensure that current
retail assets maximise profitability and
return on investment. 
E-commerce: building a
successful channel
At the beginning of 2010,  a new leadership team was put in place to define and
outline the further strategic direction
of the Group's e-commerce business
activities for the adidas and Reebok
brands.  Although both brands have
made advances with their respective
­
e-­ ommerce platforms in recent

years,  we believe there is considerable
untapped potential for the Group in this
channel of distribution. 

adidas Retail Formats 
20
09

As we have evolved as a retailer,  we have learnt that shopping should be an
experience.  That is why we put a lot of thought into the design and layout of
our stores.  We strive to create a shopping environment that visually brings
brand identity and positioning to life and encourages consumer interaction. 
For example,  our adidas Sport Performance stores emphasise our depth in
sport  see photograph (top),  whereas adidas Originals store formats such
as 'Atelier" engage their audience in authentic,  creative and interactive ways
 see photograph (bottom). 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Global Sales Strategy 

  57

Global Brands Strategy
In 2009,  as part of the adidas Group's reorganisation,  responsibility for all marketing functions and the long-term development
of the adidas and Reebok brands was brought under one leadership Global Brands.  Global Brands comprises three divisions:
adidas Sport Performance,  adidas Sport Style and Reebok.  The primary objective of the new set-up is to ensure these three
divisions seize market and category opportunities through well-defined and coordinated go-to-market strategies.  Each division
is responsible for the execution of its strategic focus by creating a constant stream of innovative and inspiring products and
generating communication strategies that represent each brand and category in an engaging and compelling way with their
target consumers. 

Global Brands to strengthen
go-to-market strategies
We acknowledge that to be successful
­
with today's consumer,  a strategy of
mass production or mass marketing is no
longer sufficient.  Only by identifying and
understanding consumers' buying habitstheir fitness level,  their motivations for
doing sport,  their goals for the season
or the next race,  or even the next partycan we create more meaningful products,  services and experiences that build
 lasting impression beyond product­
price and promotion.  In addition,  as we
operate under a multi-brand strategyit is also essential that our brands act

­ oncertedly to fully exploit market opportunities.  Therefore,  in 2009,  the Global
Brands function was formed to guide and

­ einforce the go-to-market strategies for
the adidas Sport Performance,  adidas
Sport Style and Reebok divisions with
 particular focus on long-term brand
development. 

58 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Global Brands Strategy 
To achieve this,  Global Brands defines a
clear target audience and value propos­
ition for each division,  and ­ ubsequently

coordinates the execution of go-to-­ arket

strategies to maximise the Group's
impact in the market. 
Each division is separately responsible for bringing its respective positioning to life,  through the creation of products and communication tools that not
only support the commercial functions in
their day-to-day business activities,  but
also provide the platform and framework
for long-term market share and profitability improvements. 
While adidas and Reebok each have
unique identities,  heritages,  technologiesdesigns and reputations,  the strategic
principles and methods for driving future
sales growth and profit­ bility improvea
ments are common to both.  These
include:
  roduct innovation to inspire the

consumer. 
  ctivation and validation via a relevant

set of promotion partnerships. 
  xtend brand reach and appeal

through strategic partnerships. 
  arketing and communication

leadership. 

Product innovation to inspire
the consumer
Through Global Brands,  we are determined to address every consumer in a
specific and unique way with ­ roduct

initiatives that generate trade and
consumer interest.  We believe that
technological innovation is essential to
sustainable leadership in our industry. 
By leveraging the extensive R&D expertise within the Group,  adidas and Reebok
continuously challenge the boundaries
of functionality and performance.  In
addition,  innovation plays a significant
role in differentiating the adidas and
Reebok product offerings in the minds of
consumers. 

For example at adidas,  personalisation
is one of the brand's lead innovation
concepts,  and it is an adidas goal to be
the most personal sports brand by 2015. 
At Reebok,  innovation focus is on fitness
and training,  where a current priority is
creating products that provide a ­ aterial

benefit to the consumer in terms of

­ uscle toning and conditioning. 
By creating inspiring product and
brand experiences,  adidas and Reebok
strive to enhance their positions as premium brands.  This,  in turn,  is an important catalyst to sustaining and improving
the brands' gross margins,  therefore
making continuous innovation an important enabler for future ­ rofitability

improvements. 

Activation and validation via a relevant
set of promotion partnerships
The utilisation of promotion partners
such as federations,  teams,  leaguesevents and individuals is an important
part of endorsing brand positioning,  and
an area to which the Group dedicates
significant resources each year.  This not
only serves as a vehicle to showcase the
credentials of adidas and Reebok products in the performance arena,  but also
to facilitate the extension of the adidas
and Reebok brands in the sports-inspired
lifestyle market.  Both adidas and Reebok
follow a partnership strategy geared to
best reflect their respective positioning in
the market. 
One of the guiding principles of
adidas is to equip all athletes to achieve
their 'impossible".  As such,  adidas brings
its passion for great products to the biggest stages in the world with sponsorship agreements for the FIFA World
Cup™,  the NBA,  the European Rugby
Cup and the upcoming London 2012

­ lympic Games.  In addition,  adidas has
an extensive roster of high-profile sports
teams such as AC Milan,  Liverpool FCFC Bayern Munich and Real Madrid in
football,  the New Zealand All Blacks in
rugby,  American universities like UCLA
and Notre Dame,  as well as high-profile
individuals such as FIFA World Player
of the Year Lionel Messi,  football icon
David Beckham,  basketball stars Dwight
Howard,  ­ errick Rose and Kevin GarnettD
marathon legend Haile Gebrselassieathletic stars Tyson Gay and Allyson
Felix and tennis stars Justine HeninAna Ivanovic and Andy Murray. 

To activate and validate its key concepts
of ReeTone,  ReeGym and ReeZig,  Reebok
is partnering with top women's and men's
sport athletes.  In Women's,  Reebok is
partnering with some of the world's top
women's fitness instructors renowned for
their inspirational approach to fitness.  In
Men's Sport,  some of the world's most
recognisable athletes support Reebokincluding Peyton Manning,  Thierry Henry
as well as Lewis Hamilton.  In additionthe brand holds exclusive,  long-term
licensing agreements with the National
Football League and National Lacrosse
League in North America,  giving Reebok
the exclusive rights to manufacture and
market both authentic and replica uniform jerseys and sideline apparel. 

Extending brand reach and appeal
through strategic partnerships
As the boundary between the sporting
goods industry and the world of lifestyle
and fashion continues to blur,  adidas and
Reebok have both successfully pursued
design and co-branding strategies with
complementary partners.  For example­
adidas has partnered with Stella

­ cCartney and Porsche Design Sportboth designing high-end functional performance ranges.  adidas Originals continues to engage in unique collaborations
with well-known brands such as DieselVespa and STAR WARS™,  that ensure
adidas is kept relevant to the styleconscious streetwear consumer. 

In Women's Fitness,  Reebok and Cirque
du Soleil entered into a strategic partnership,  which has given rise to inspiring
new workout experiences and product
collections.  In addition,  as part of its
Affili'Art collections,  Reebok partners
with artists to re-interpret the brand's
most iconic footwear models.  Examples
include collections inspired by the work
of artists Jean-Michel Basquiat,  Rolland
Berry and John Maeda,  as well as famous
make-up artist Feride Uslu.  Taking this
 step further,  in January 2010,  Reebok
announced a global alliance with Giorgio
Armani S, p. A.  to create a special collection of footwear and apparel combining
active style with sport and technology. 
The ­ lobal style credentials of the EA7

and Emporio Armani labels combined
with Reebok's fitness and training

­ eritage and technologies fit together to
provide a new perspective and concept in
the global sports style marketplace. 

Marketing and communication
leadership
To be competitive in the sporting goods
industry,  brands must have a clear profile
towards their target consumer.  To achieve
this,  adidas and Reebok are focused on
creating inspirational and innovative
brand marketing campaigns and communication techniques to build brand
equity and support the achievement of
the Group's commercial goals. 

 key tenet of our marketing and communication strategy is to harness the
emotion of sport and the benefits of
a sporting lifestyle across all communication channels.  Both adidas and Reebok
regularly bring new global marketing
concepts to life,  which can be easily
leveraged to create simple and powerful
brand messages and support an array of
product offerings.  For example,  adidas
will use the 'EVERY TEAM NEEDS …"
platform to transcend its entire football
offering ahead of the 2010 FIFA World
Cup™.  ­ eebok will launch its new ­ lobal

g
campaign which will use the motto
'Ree" as a guiding theme for the brand's
communication with consumers.  The
key message of the campaign is simple. 

­ eebok wants to 'ReeDefine" sport and
style,  bringing fun and joy back into consumers' lives. 
In addition,  Global Brands also
endeavours to ensure all of its brands are
at the forefront of new communication
techniques,  particularly as information
flow becomes faster and faster.  Through
investment in digital marketing and
technologies,  both adidas and Reebok are
empowering and encouraging consumers
­
to interact in personal dialogues with
the brands.  Whether through in-store or
online customisation platforms,  digital
social networks or digital broadcast
mediums,  these methods are providing a
new scope of consumer experiences in a
real-time and cost-effective way. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Global Brands Strategy 

  59

adidas Strategy
PREDATOR® OptiFit 
PREDATOR® technology 
adidas' mission is to be the leading sports
brand in the world.  One major lever to
achieve this is the brand's broad and
unique product portfolio spanning from
apparel and footwear for professional
athletes to premium fashion.  It allows
adidas to address multiple consumer
needs,  exploit market opportunities from
various angles as well as be less affected
by one-dimensional market risks.  adidas'
commitment to product innovation and
its rich heritage differentiates the brand
from competitors and provides a solid
platform for future growth. 

adidas Sport Performance:
divisional overview
No other brand has a more distinguished
history or stronger connection with sport
than adidas; not only where the best meet
the very best,  like at the FIFA World
Cup™ or the NBA ­ ll-Star WeekendA
but everywhere around the globe where
sports are played,  watched,  enjoyed and
celebrated.  Everything at adidas reflects
the spirit of its founder Adi Dassler.  That
means adidas intends to inspire,  support
and equip all athletes in the best possible
way to help them achieve their optimal
performance. 

 perfect example of adidas' commitment to innovation and getting closer
to the consumer is adidas' miCoachwhich combines state-of-the-art training knowledge with a personalised web
service and real-time audio coaching
via a media player,  helping consumers
achieve their 'impossible" by encouragement and tailoring the training to their
personal goals. 

PREDATOR®X
Developed together with Zinedine Zidane,  the new PREDATOR®X
combines three technologies for power,  swerve and control.  The
PowerSpine technology increases shooting power and reduces the
risk of injury in the metatarsal area.  PREDATOR® elements ensure
high and absolutely constant swerve performance in wet and dry
weather conditions.  For powerful,  technical players like Michael
Ballack,  Steven Gerrard and Robin van Persie. 

PREDATOR® PowerSpine 
60 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    adidas Strategy 

01

Although the adidas Sport Performance
division offers products in almost every
sports category,  the key priorities are:
 Football
 Running
 Training
 Basketball
 Outdoor 
Every Team Needs a Shirt
with a Story 

01

Football: expanding market leadership
Being the most popular sport ­ orldwidew
football is clearly one of adidas' key
strategic priorities.  For over 50 yearsadidas has led all major developments
in football boot and ball technologies. 
Building on its success around major
sporting events such as the FIFA World
Cup™ and the European Football Championship,  the brand strives to increase
its leadership position by continuously
creating the industry's top products and
fully leveraging its outstanding portfolio
of sports marketing partners. 
Partners include leading football
associations (e.g.  FIFA,  UEFA),  national
federations (e.g.  Germany,  Spain,  RussiaSouth Africa,  Greece,  Argentina,  MexicoJapan),  leagues (e.g.  Major League

­ occer in the USA),  clubs (e.g.  Real
Madrid,  AC Milan,  Chelsea FC,  ­ iverpool

FC,  FC Bayern Munich,  River Plate

­ uenos Aires) and individual players
(e.g.  Lionel Messi,  Kaká,  David ­ eckhamB
Michael Ballack). 

adidas sponsored national football teams unveiled their new

­ ederation home kits for the 2010 FIFA World Cup™ in ­ ovember

2009.  All the jerseys have design stories and myths that unite the
specific country.  Also,  for the first time,  the players are able to
choose between jerseys based on ForMotion™ and ­ ECHFIT™

technologies which will help them to perform even ­ etter in

all weather conditions.  Visuals with players like Lionel MessiMichael ­ allack and David Villa were spread through all

a
­ dvertising channels worldwide. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    adidas Strategy 

  61

In 2010,  Football will concentrate on
leveraging its strong product pipeline
with the goal of achieving new record
sales of above € 13 billion in the
category.  The 2010 FIFA World Cup™ will
serve as a focal point for showcasing
the brand's key initiatives.  These
includes major updates to all three
primary football footwear product lines
(PREDATOR®,  F50,  adiPURE™),  the
introduction of new federation jerseys
now ranging in two different forms
(classical jersey and body-fitting jersey
featuring TECHFIT™),  and the official
match ball JABULANI.  From a marketing
perspective,  the brand will continue to
build on the 'EVERY TEAM NEEDS …"
campaign established in 2009. 

Thermally bonded 3-D panels
and 'Grip n'Groove" profile 
JABULANI
The Official Match Ball of the 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa™
features a South African inspired design and radically new
technology.  Comprising only eight,  completely new,  thermally
bonded 3-D panels,  which for the first time are spherically
moulded,  the JABULANI is perfectly round and the most accurate
­
ball yet.  The newly developed 'Grip n'Groove" profile provides
players with a ball allowing an exceptionally stable flight and
perfect grip under all conditions. 

62 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    adidas Strategy 

02

Running: building credibility with
high-performance athletes
Running continues to be one of adidas'
highest category priorities and is critical
to the brand's success moving forward. 
The brand's philosophy is to inspire
and enable runners on all levels,  with the
aim to be the most trusted and desired
runners' brand in the world.  First and
foremost,  adidas focuses on building
credibility with the high-performance
athlete and high-frequency health and fitness runners.  This credibility provides a
strong foundation to leverage the broader
opportunity in the Running category,  the
casual runner and the young everyday
runner where adidas has significant market share opportunities. 

To achieve growth and market share
increases in this category,  in 2010 Running will put in place a three-year product and campaign plan revolving around
how adidas can 'Make Me Better".  This
means helping runners to be faster and
stronger by creating innovative solutions
that offer individualised motion,  climate
management and interactivity. 
adiSTAR® and Supernova™ offerings will be the lead franchises for core
runners with an increased emphasis on
building share at specialty and sporting
goods stores.  In addition,  adidas Running
will continue its drive to be a key player
in the personalised running market with
further advances to its miCoach platform
which will be included in the key marketing campaign for 2010,  'Run Yourself
Better". 

Training: creating new consumer
experiences
At adidas,  Training is the biggest category
for both men and women.  Training supports the preparation needs of serious
athletes across all sports disciplines and
is the industry's largest apparel category. 
Its positioning is driven by adidas' desire
to support athletes to be 'fit to win". 
To achieve this goal,  Training develops
proprietary technologies and commercialises innovations for sport-specific

­ ategories to meet the needs of the
everyday athlete.  For example,  in 2009Training continued to expand athlete
usage of its industry-leading TECHFIT™
PowerWEB™ concept,  expanding the
offering into new sports categories (e.g. 
basketball),  and widening its commercially expanding executions at lower price
points. 

Run Yourself Better miCoach 

02

adidas is setting the stage for miCoach its latest groundbreaking innovation.  miCoach is a training system providing a personal
coach.  With a few simple steps,  adidas helps athletes to train
better and more efficiently: Through an online platform,  runners
define their personal goal.  Based on their goal,  a small device
called the Pacer is their digital trainer telling them exactly what to
do and when.  The global campaign promoting miCoach launched
in January 2010 and will be presented in all major advertising
channels. 

 key strategic priority for future growth
in the Training category is adidas' dedication to complement its best-in-class
product offering with revolutionary new
consumer experiences that bring to life
the adidas vision to be the leading personalised brand in the world.  Throughout
2009,  Training intensified its activity with
athletes and the world's leading authorities on athlete performance,  to bring the
benefits of innovation into its concepts
and products. 

As a result,  in 2010,  Training will launch
its first true 360° ­ oncept adidas Core

Performance.  This is a total training
range designed to help athletes make
the most of their workouts.  It includes
both tips for training and special training
collections.  Through a digital training
­
website,  adidas Core Performance interacts with consumers,  providing exercise
guidelines and advice on four key training
pillars: mindset,  nutrition,  movement and
recovery. 

The four pillars are the centrepoint of
Core Performance training principles
and help encourage the everyday performer to prepare,  fuel,  train and rest
for success regardless of their training
­
goals.  adidas Core Performance will be
brought to life at retail through in-store
support,  print media and activated at
grass roots level. 

In addition,  the site showcases a full
range of adidas products which have
been created to follow the body in all
360° movements while keeping athletes
dry and comfortable. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    adidas Strategy 

  63

In addition to this,  in 2010 Training will
continue to put focus on its performance
essentials range through fully integrated
business models such as Never-outof-stock and other managed space
initiatives  see Global Sales Strategy,  p.  54. 

Further focus will also be put on improving quality,  increasing colour offerings
and strengthening in-store marketing
support for the range with well-known
athletes such as David Beckham and
Maria Kirilenko. 


03

Supernova™ Glide 2

adiPRENE®+

adidas Running presents the latest version of its renowned
Supernova™ Glide running shoe which offers gender-specific
fit and features.  ForMotion™ technology continues to be the
technology highlight.  Two sliding plates under the heel adapt
to a runner's individual footstrike,  reducing impact forces.  The
custom GEOFIT™ heel design and NoSeam engineered-mesh
upper for a more comfortable fit,  together with adiPRENE®+
in the forefoot for cushioning and propulsion,  make the shoe
a runner's first choice. 

ForMotion™

64 

Also Women's Training,  spearheaded by
the 'adidas by Stella McCartney" concept,  which fuses performance and style
for the active women's market,  remains a
strategic priority. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    adidas Strategy 
In 2010,  new adidas by Stella McCartney
collections redefining traditional sports
silhouettes such as triathlon and cycling
will be launched.  In addition,  Women's
Training will continue to build on the
success of the 'Me,  Myself' campaignwhich features real women alongside
adidas athletes,  such as tennis player
Ana Ivanovic or basketball star Candace
Parker.  This will be used to support
product lines such as adilibria,  Clima
and Yatra. 

Basketball: increasing global footprint
adidas is committed to strengthening its
position in basketball by expanding its
footprint in the critical North American
market and capitalising on the growing
popularity of the sport in the emerging
markets.  To achieve this,  adidas strives to
build brand equity by leveraging its status
as the official NBA outfitter,  capitalising
on relationships with some of the most
promising future stars of the NBA,  as
well as reinforcing its position as a performance brand. 
In 2009,  adidas Basketball took

­ urther steps in these areas.  For

­ xample,  the brand strengthened its
highly valued NBA partnership by becoming the official compression brand of the
NBA.  This exclusivity will serve to garner
further global exposure for adidas in the
very competitive compression apparel
market.  In addition,  adidas also expanded
its on-court NBA partnership rights to
new territories that now include EuropeAfrica and the Middle East.  With the
league's increasing visibility and growing
popularity outside of North America,  this
is a critical vehicle to drive the adidas
business forward in emerging basketball
markets. 
To leverage these partnerships to
their full potential,  adidas continues
to refine and expand its brand marketing
initiatives.  Celebrating basketball as a
brotherhood remains the key theme in its
communication for the sport. 

In addition,  Basketball is also exploiting
the latest in digital media technologieswhich is taking product messaging and
consumer experience to new levels. 
For example during the adidas DoubleDouble Tour to China,  a market where
basketball has overtaken football as
the most popular sport,  star player
Dwight Howard posted personally shot
videos,  delivered SMS text messages and
photos all from his own mobile phoneand the content was aggregated live at
 ­ ww, adidas, com/cn and syndicated out

to the most popular social spaces across
China.  This allowed his millions of fans
the chance to experience this event at a
level never seen before. 
Through expanded global rights
from the brand's NBA partnership,  the
star power of players such as Dwight
Howard and Derrick Rose,  adidas is
well positioned to grow its share of the

­ asketball market worldwide. 

It's On Me For My Brotherhood. 


03

Celebrating basketball as a brotherhood has been widely
successful for adidas.  adidas Basketball continues on this theme
for the 2009/2010 NBA season.  The campaign 'It's On Me For My
Brotherhood" brings together NBA stars such as Kevin GarnettDwight Howard and Derrick Rose.  It focuses on the Team
Signature collection and TECHFIT™ compression apparel,  which
made its debut this season as the official compression apparel of
the NBA.  With a focus on digital media,  the campaign is brought to
life by a TV spot,  print and retail advertisements. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    adidas Strategy 

  65

adidas Outdoor Campaign 2010
adidas Outdoor intends to build on its growing momentum to achieve
new heights in 2010.  In a new print campaign,  two of the world's best
climbers attest adidas Outdoor expertise: Thomas and Alexander
Huber.  Both relied on adidas products during their latest expeditions. 
Breathtaking images brought back from their extreme rock climbing
experience bring authentic reality to campaign visuals,  proving that
the adidas TERREX product range has all the functionality needed to
challenge the outdoors. 

66 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    adidas Strategy 

04

Outdoor: the athletic brand
in the outdoors
adidas has a long history in outdoorgoing back as far as 1978,  when adidas
and Reinhold Messner developed a
new generation of boots which he used
to reach the basecamp on his way to
become the first man to climb Mount
Everest without the help of oxygen

­ quipment.  With this heritage and the
growth in the outdoor sports ­ ectors
adidas has invested in building an
authentic and performance-orientated
outdoor market position,  through such
products collections as TERREX and
SUPER ­ REKKING.  Given the progress

made and the attractive future growth
potential,  adidas now recognises outdoor
as one of its key categories. 
 key strategic priority for the category is creating a technology platform
with unique features that make the brand
stand out from the competition.  adidas
Outdoor's key concept is the TERREX
product range,  which targets athleticminded outdoor consumers who want to
challenge themselves mentally and physically.  TERREX stands for lightweighthighly functional outdoor products which
allow the consumer to move fast and
comfortably through the outdoors.  As
well as footwear,  adidas also offers a
holistic product range from head to toe
comprising apparel,  backpacks and eyewear including latest adidas technologies
and renowned partner technologies such
as GORE-TEX®,  WINDSTOPPER® and
Nano-Tex®. 

As in other categories,  creating mind
share,  credibility and visibility through
partnerships and icons is an important
tool to drive market share growth.  ­ didas

Outdoor ambassadors and athletes
include Thomas and Alexander Huber
(also known as the Huber Brothers) –
two of the world's best climbers,  Beat
Kammerlander (climbing),  Bernd Zangerl
(bouldering) and other top athletes from
various outdoor sports such as kayaking,  slack lining,  hang gliding and speed
flying. 
In 2010,  adidas will continue to
build on its growing momentum in particular with the TERREX product rangewhich will include highlight products
such as the TERREX Lite Softshell jacket
as well as the TERREX Fast X FM outdoor
boots.  These products,  as well as the
brand's authenticity,  will be promoted by
 fully integrated marketing campaign
featuring expedition images of the Huber
Brothers showcasing the authenticity of
the brand and its products,  as well as
cooperation activities with key retailers in
the sporting goods and specialty outdoor
channels. 

adidas Sport Style: divisional overview
The market for streetwear and lifestyle
fashion represents a unique opportunity
for sporting goods companies as it is
more fragmented and larger in size than
the market for products used in sports
activity.  In addition,  profitability in the
sports lifestyle market is typically higher
as a result of lower product ­ omplexity. 

adidas was the first brand to credibly
leverage its sports assets in the lifestyle
arena and as a result is regarded as a
legitimate sports lifestyle brand.  What
started as a niche business has developed into a significant contributor to the
Group's top-line development.  To best
tap the potential of the sports lifestyle
market,  adidas created a dedicated Sport
Style division primarily focused on its
Originals and Fashion businesses (e.g. 
Y-3,  Porsche Design Sport). 
adidas Originals: from niche
to fashion mainstream
The cornerstone of the Sport Style ­ ivision

is adidas Originals: the original lifestyle
brand,  born in sport heritage but living in
contemporary lifestyles.  adidas Originals
with its Trefoil logo has become a relevant
part of many people's lives,  whether they
be skaters,  rockers,  artists,  musicianssneakerheads,  sports fans,  etc. 
With a holistic offering in products
and communications,  adidas Originals
speaks to and engages the youth audience in authentic,  creative and new
ways with the 'Celebrate Originality"
philosophy. 

To address the needs of its diverse consumer groups and maximise business
opportunities,  adidas Originals takes a
two-tier strategy to brand and product
marketing: Statement and Core.  Statement product concepts aim to generate
buzz and to keep the brand fresh and
relevant.  Core product concepts aim to
generate sales volumes by presenting
 constant collection that is uniquely
adidas. 
In 2009 and looking ahead to 2010the brand marketing efforts continue
to be aimed at winning over that Core
consumer.  The message of 'Celebrate

­ riginality" remains consistent,  but
as a backdrop the campaign for 2010
takes a close look at the 'Street Where
Originality Lives".  Once again including
musicians,  skaters,  athletes and even
STAR WARS™ characters,  this campaign
is a clear evolution of the 2008/2009
House Party with a strong focus on
not only recognisable celebrities in the
crowd,  but also on highlighting current
Originals products. 

adidas Originals
STAR WARS™ collection 

04

adidas Originals is proud to present a unique collaboration
with one of the world's best-known out-of-this-world brands:
STAR WARS™.  Inspired by the galactic saga,  the STAR WARS™
collection consists of limited edition as well as mass distribution
footwear,  apparel and accessories.  Classic adidas Originals track
tops and sneaker styles are represented with characters and
scenes from the epic saga in re-interpreted versions. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    adidas Strategy 

  67

In addition,  adidas Originals will continue to build a connection with teenage
consumers and is now using a constant
stream of digital content to keep them
interested 365 days per year (for example
on Facebook,  adidas Originals already
has over 2 million fans).  This is an exciting area for the brand's consumers and
an area where adidas Originals is currently a leader. 

Y-3 Spring/Summer 2010 Collection
In celebration of the upcoming 2010 FIFA World Cup™,  the Y-3
spring/summer 2010 collection takes a global tour of modern
sport style.  The collection includes limited-edition trainers in
the classic Field style,  updated with an exaggerated removable
tongue and bold,  graphic colourways inspired by the national
flags of adidas sponsored teams.  The pictured Kazuhiri is one
of the highlight products of the collection,  featuring a premium
leather upper,  a contrasting white sole and an elasticated tongue. 

68 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    adidas Strategy 
The Fashion Group: adidas is fashion
In 2002,  adidas entered high-end fashioncollaborating for the first time with one of
the most innovative and highly regarded
global designers: Yohji Yamamoto.  Creating the Y-3 brand,  adidas combined the
worlds of fashion and sports,  making
adidas a true pioneer in the field of sportinspired,  high-end,  premium fashion. 


05

adidas is now actively looking to leverage
its fashion credibility to grow its sports
lifestyle business in new price points and
distribution channels.  With collaborations
such as Y-3 and Porsche Design Sport
already at the top of the fashion pyramidin 2009 adidas introduced adidas SLVR to
expand its presence among mid-pricepoint consumers,  while at the same time
further expanding adidas Style Essentials to capture a younger,  more pricec
­ onscious consumer. 

adidas identified that there is a ­ arket

need for sophisticated,  classic,  yet fresh
and confident sportswear that lasts
longer than one season.  adidas SLVR
will fulfil this need.  Since launching
adidas SLVR in February 2009,  adidas
has opened stand-alone retail locations
in New York,  Paris and Bangkok.  adidas
SLVR is also carried in all major adidas
brand centres in Berlin,  Beijing,  Paris as
well as in adidas online stores in the USA
and Europe.  In 2009,  adidas SLVR was
also introduced to wholesale partners in
Japan.  In 2010,  adidas SLVR's distribution base will be widened,  including its
introduction to wholesale partners in the
United States. 
Incorporating footwear,  apparel
and accessories,  adidas Style ­ ssentials

focuses on young,  style-adopting

­ onsumers that shop at volume distribution channels and at more accessible
price points.  It capitalises on existing
trends and brings them to market more
rapidly than traditional sporting goods
timelines. 

adidas Style Essentials is primarily distributed through mono-branded stores in
Asia and through key account partners in
North America,  most European countries
and Japan. 

All these labels have allowed adidas to
address all consumer and distribution
options in the sportswear arena.  Y-3a
­ didas SLVR and adidas Style Essentials
all bear the same logo,  making it easier
for the consumer to recognise that this is
the brand's fashion offering from adidas. 


05

adidas Style Essentials
Campaign 2010
The adidas Style Essentials creative platform for spring/summer
2010 is about a state of mind and following our consumer on their
journey.  The campaign tags along with a group of young people
on their way through open roads,  city streets,  crashing coastlines
and carefree travels.  The campaign is mainly used within our
own stores as well as in stores of our wholesale partners.  It will
experience a big presence in Asia and will be supported globally
through digital media. 

Porsche Design Sport
Spray Light Top 

06

Engineered in cooperation with three-time Olympic gold medallist
and two-time America's Cup winner Jochen Schümann,  the pictured
GORE-TEX® Paclite® Shell has a 28000 mm water column rating for
wind- and waterproof protection without compromising breathabilityweight or pack volume.  The spring/summer 2010 collection is the
seventh joint collection presented by Porsche Design Sport and
adidas.  The collection is comprised of apparel and footwear as well
as accessories in the five categories of Driving,  Golf,  Running/FitnessTennis and Water/Snow. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    adidas Strategy 

  69

N°

Reebok Strategy and Focus Areas 
01

FUN staying
in shape 
Women 
Men 
Fitness
Running
Walking 
Training
Running
Sports 
Classics
 

Own 
Women 

Revive 
Men 
Challenge 
Reebok Strategy
In 2009,  the Reebok brand has continued
to execute its strategy,  positioning
itself as a premium sports and lifestyle
brand focused on fitness and training. 
Based on its roots and heritage in
fitness/­ raining,  consumer insights and

positioning within the adidas GroupReebok developed a clear roadmap for
its key businesses going forward: Own
Women's Fitness,  Challenge in Men's
Training/Sport and Revive Classics. 
Central to Reebok's brand heritage is the
courage to challenge convention.  Unlike
many other brands,  Reebok is committed
to make fitness fun again challenging
men and women to fulfil their potential
in sport and in life by providing them with
the opportunity,  the products and the
inspiration to have fun staying in shape. 

Own women's fitness
Reebok is on a mission to make fitness
fun again for women.  The brand's commitment to women's fitness is longstanding.  It introduced Step Reebok
in 1989 and was at the forefront of the
aerobics movement of the 1980s.  This
heritage and credibility has connected
women to Reebok in a powerful wayand serves as the cornerstone for the
brand's business expansion.  In 2009,  the
brand has accelerated its women's programmes,  introducing new partnerships
and products and once again reaffirming
its support of women's health and fitness
– whether it's out of the gym,  in the gym
or for a cause. 

70 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Reebok Strategy 
  ReeTone: Women are busy and don't
always find the time to fit in their daily
workout.  Based on this relevant consumer need,  in 2009,  Reebok launched
the EasyTone™ footwear collection that
allows consumers to 'take the gym with
them".  EasyTone™ is based on ­ eebok's

proprietary 'moving air" technology. 
It involves two balance pods under
the heel and forefoot of the shoes that

­ reate natural instability with every stepf
­ orcing the muscles to adapt and develop
tone.  Building on the huge success of

­ asyTone™ in 2009,  Reebok will launch
an integrated marketing campaign
around the world in 2010 under the motto
of 'ReeTone".  Reebok is also expanding
its footwear offering into the running and
training category,  launching RunTone™
and TrainTone™ in 2010. 

  ReeGym: Through Reebok's partnership with Cirque du Soleil,  the brand will
continue to develop new ­nspiring worki
out experiences and product collections
to strengthen its position in the gym.  The
overriding aim of this ­ ollaboration is not

just to create physically demanding workout routines,  but to create exercises that
are fun,  unique and enjoyable. 
In spring 2009,  Reebok and Cirque
du Soleil launched JUKARI Fit to Fly™taking inspiration from the ­ heatrical

and physically demanding artistry of
Cirque du Soleil.  Building on this,  in
2010 Reebok and Cirque du Soleil are
­

­ aunching JUKARI Fit to Flex™ a
workout that enhances flexibility and
muscle tone with the help of a specific­
ally designed JUKARI band.  The JUKARI
training experience is accompanied
by a fully integrated women's fitness
range,  the Reebok Cirque du Soleil

­ ollection,  which combines the performance demands of the workout with the
creativity of Cirque du Soleil.  In additionReebok launched the On The Move collection of apparel and footwear,  created
for the needs of a woman's busy lifestyle. 
The ­ ollection is versatile and able to be

mixed and matched in or out of the gym. 

EasyTone™


01

EasyTone™ has been a huge success for Reebok in 2009 and has
taken a leading position in the emerging toning shoe market. 
Air-filled pods under the heel and forefoot create slight instability
with each step,  forcing the leg muscles to work harder.  This tones
the butt and strengthens calf and thigh muscles.  With stylish,  new
designs in its spring/summer 2010 collection,  Reebok's EasyTone™
can be worn anywhere be it at work,  school,  out shopping or
walking.  In 2010,  EasyTone™ will be promoted through a global
marketing campaign: 'ReeTone". 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Reebok Strategy 

  71

JUKARI Fit to Flex™
Following the introduction of the revolutionary workout JUKARI
Fit to Fly™,  in 2010 Reebok and Cirque du Soleil will present the
next exciting fun workout for women JUKARI Fit to Flex™.  This
workout uses the flowing movements of Cirque du Soleil to bring
fitness to life.  Women can enhance their flexibility,  muscle tone
and coordination with the help of the specially designed JUKARI
band.  JUKARI Fit to Flex™ was launched across the globe in
February 2010. 

RunTone™
RunTone™ is a line extension of Reebok's hot-selling EasyTone™
concept.  The idea behind RunTone™ is to help tone and strengthen
key leg muscles while you run.  While EasyTone™ uses two large
balance pods,  RunTone™ uses six smaller pods spread across the
bottom of the shoe for enhanced stability.  The soft pods absorb a
runner's energy,  forcing key leg muscles to work a little harder
while delivering a plush,  smooth ride.  RunTone™ helps runners get
more out of their run. 

72 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Reebok Strategy 

01


02

Challenge in men's sport
Reebok is also a well-recognised men's
sports and training brand,  a result of its
innovative products and its long-standing
partnerships with several of the world's
top athletes,  professional leagues and
teams.  Given Reebok's close collaboration with athletes,  the brand has a clear
understanding of athletes' training needs. 
The primary focus is on creating versatile
products that help athletes prepare for
their sport irrespective of the discipline. 
For 2010,  the brand is accelerating its
men's training efforts,  introducing two
key initiatives. 
  ReeZig: In spring 2010,  Reebok will
introduce ZigTech™,  a completely new
training shoe for endurance sports like
running and agility sports.  In product
testing,  a host of enthusiastic athletes
and consumers confirm that ZigTech™
is not only visually striking,  but more
importantly it addresses an unmet need
of fitness runners and athletes.  This
need is to get more out of their workout
and reduce wear and tear thus allowing them to enhance their lifetime as an
athlete.  By maximising energy transfer
through its zigzag geometry back to the
actual running stride,  this shoe allows
the wearer to train longer,  faster and
healthier. 

This is achieved as the unique energy
and cushioning system reduces stress
on muscles by up to 20%,  therefore
reducing wear and tear on the runner's
body.  The introduction of ZigTech™ will
be supported by an integrated global
marketing campaign 'ReeZig" featuring key ­ thletes from Reebok's roster –

with major launches planned to coincide
with global event milestones such as the
Super Bowl. 
  ReeTrain: In 2010,  Reebok will introduce a complete range of strength training products for men based on its muscle
toning platform of 'moving air".  Air-filled
pods under the heel and forefoot of
the shoes create a natural instability
with every step,  forcing the muscles to
adapt and work harder.  This allows the

­ onsumer to 'get more out of their workout".  The offering includes EasyTone™
for walking and casual wear,  TrainTone™
for training exercises and the gymR
­ unTone™ for running and JumpTone™helping to strengthen key leg muscles
and thus allowing ­ thletes to improve

their vertical leap. 

ZigTech™


02

Building on its experience in toning,  Reebok developed ZigTech™a completely new running and training shoe concept.  If EasyTone™
was designed to force muscles to work harder and do more,  then
ZigTech™ is designed to make muscles more efficient and do less. 
This unique zig-zag shape absorbs the impact of heel strike and
sends a wave of energy along the length of the shoe to help propel
the athlete forward with each step.  ZigTech™ causes up to 20%
less wear and tear on key leg muscles. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Reebok Strategy 

  73

ReeTrain Campaign 

03

Reebok launches its 'ReeTrain" campaign in 2010 which will be
promoted through multiple communication channels.  The primary
theme of ReeTrain is to deliver a message that athletes and sports
fans need to 'reethink" how they follow sports and focus on
what's fun.  The campaign visuals exaggerate the athletes' training
routines with a sense of fun.  The executions show driving ace Lewis
Hamilton dodging tennis balls and Peyton Manning developing his
skills in a non-traditional way. 

The introduction of these products is supported by an integrated global marketing campaign,  'ReeTrain".  Key Reebok
athletes such as Lewis Hamilton will
again bear testimony to Reebok's training

­ roducts.  On the apparel side,  Reebok
­
will launch a versatile ­ ollection of

apparel called 'Training Day".  Designed
for the athletes' training needs,  fusing
sport and style influences,  this collection
is able to be worn on and off the pitch. 

74 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Reebok Strategy 
In addition,  Reebok's global men's focus
on training and running will be complemented by a select set of regional
category priorities,  for example American
­
football,  baseball and lacrosse in North
America,  or cricket in India.  To drive
future growth in these categoriesR
­ eebok continues to develop a product
and innovation strategy concentrating
on fit.  In 2010,  Reebok is expanding its

­ ortfolio of fit technologies with the introduction of U-Form. 

Adapted from a Reebok-CCM Hockey
skate technology,  U-Form is a heata
­ ctivated customised fit system.  The
athlete heats the shoes (either in-store
or at home) at around 200ºF/90ºC for
35 minutes.  He then laces the shoe tight
and relaxes for about 8 minutes as the
shoe forms to the exact shape of his foot. 

By contouring the shoe to the shape
of the foot,  potential skin irritation is
eliminated and,  because of its proper
fit,  the performance of the underfoot
technologies are optimised.  U-Form will
be available in select American footballbasketball,  baseball and running shoes
starting in May 2010. 

Revive Classics
Although Reebok Classics was born from
sport in the early 80s,  today it represents
the intersection where sport meets styleoffering lifestyle footwear,  apparel and
accessories.  In rebuilding the Classics
business,  a key tenet of the strategy is
to control distribution by ­ egmenting the

product offering available for ­ etailersr
as well as keeping a tight rein on supply. 
­
In 2009,  Reebok has continued to
tightly manage its directional sport and

­ eneralist retail channels particularly in
the United States and in Europe,  with the
primary aim to clean up old inventory and
reduce the brand's exposure to low price
points.  In addition,  Reebok has launched
new product initiatives in a controlled
and disciplined way.  At the same timethe brand has begun to strengthen its
position in the select and trend channels with limited editions and special
projects.  An example of this is 'Pump20"
which was kicked off in November 2009
to celebrate the 20th anniversary of
The Pump™.  Through a partnership with
20 select retailers around the worldc
­ ustom collaborations of The Pump™
­
were developed and exclusively launched
in select stores. 
To leverage its iconic sports

­ eritage,  Reebok revives its Classics
business by focusing its product range
with two priority pillars that define the
Classics product architecture: Always
Classic and New Classic. 

  Always Classic: Always Classic
products harken back to the brand's
roots and merge iconic models from the
80s and 90s with new midsole/outsole
technologies. 
  New Classic: The New Classic segment represents the modern interpretation of Reebok's roots.  Inspired
by the past,  New Classic collections
merge sport and style to re-energise the

­ ategory.  The launch of the Women's Fly
­
Generation collection represents this new
direction with products like the Top Down
and Courtee Mid. 
The marketing communication will use
the brand platform of 'Ree" as the guiding principle for Classics with the new
messaging of 'ReeClassic".  The main
message behind 'ReeClassic" will be
the idea of reinterpreting Reebok's roots
and will be showcased primarily through
retail and digital. 

Classics Campaign 

04

2009 and 2010 mark the kick-off for Reebok's various initiatives to
redefine the brand's image.  'Ree" will be a guiding principle in the
communication with consumers going forward.  The key message of
all 2010 campaign layouts is simple: Reebok wants to 'Reedefine"
sport and style to bring back fun and joy to consumers' lives. 
Pictured is a theme of the 'ReeClassic" campaign.  For Classics,  the
campaign visuals will primarily be used for in-store communication
within Reebok's own stores as well as other retail outlets and digital
throughout spring/summer 2010. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Reebok Strategy 

  75

TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy
TaylorMade-adidas Golf's aim is to be the leading performance golf company in the world in terms of sales and profitability.  It
combines three of golf's most well-known and respected brands: TaylorMade,  adidas Golf and Ashworth.  The segment's primary
strategic pillars are to continuously develop and commercialise innovative,  technologically advanced products while at the same
time maintaining credibility through high visibility on professional golf tours.  In addition,  leveraging brand equity through the
creation and execution of new marketing and retail initiatives as well as improving global distribution are key priorities for longterm growth. 
Capitalising on the strong market
positions of three well-established
brands
TaylorMade-adidas Golf implements a
multi-brand strategy comprised of three
well-defined golf brands under one roof. 
TaylorMade is the market leader in the
metalwoods category,  is among the

­eaders in irons,  and is steadily evolving
as a challenger in golf balls.  adidas Golf
develops high-performance footwear
and apparel for athletes who want to
maximise their physical potential in order
to play the game at the highest level. 
Ashworth is an authentic golf-inspired
lifestyle brand complementing adidas
Golf's position,  increasing the segment's
presence in the golf apparel market. 
Combining adidas Golf and AshworthTaylorMade-adidas Golf is a global
leader in golf apparel and number two in
footwear. 
Innovation and technology focus
TaylorMade-adidas Golf's core objective
is to create the best performance golf
products in the marketplace,  and that
starts with a clear commitment to innovation and technology. 

76 

The segment therefore strives to extend
its leadership position with a continued
focus on innovation and cutting-edge
design while introducing at least one
major product innovation or ­ volution

every 12 to 18 months.  In 2009,  for
example,  TaylorMade introduced its new
R9™ drivers incorporating Flight Control

­ echnology,  which for the first time gave
players the ability to easily change the
club's face angle,  loft and lie angle by
adjusting a screw in the sole.  Prior to
this,  Tour professionals had their drivers altered to suit their swing by having
equipment technicians bend the clubhead.  This type of innovation helped the
R9™ achieve the position as number one
driver model on the PGA Tour and bestselling driver model in the United States. 

Tour validation as important
strategic pillar
Golfers of all levels are influenced by
what equipment the best professional
players in the world play with and wear. 
Hence,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf's leadership and presence on the world's major
professional golf tours is imperative to
increasing brand exposure and traction
among consumers. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy 
To attract the most talented ­ layersp
TaylorMade-adidas Golf offers a comprehensive service to the world's leading
players.  For example,  the ­ aylorMade

support fleet travels the PGA and European Tours from event to event,  each
with a fully staffed,  state-of-the-art
workshop for building and servicing
drivers,  fairway woods,  hybrids,  ironswedges and putters on the spot.  Todaythe TaylorMade-adidas Golf Tour Staff
includes high-profile names like Sergio
Garcia,  Sean O'Hair,  Yong-Eun YangDustin Johnson,  Fred Funk,  Justin RosePaula Creamer,  Retief Goosen,  Greg
Norman,  Nick Faldo,  Mike Weir,  Andres
Romero,  Darren Clarke and Natalie

­ ulbis,  as well as Martin Kaymer,  one of
the European Tour's stars and the topranked golfer in Germany,  who joined the

­ aylorMade Tour Staff in 2009. 

Marketing excellence as a
key success factor
Well-coordinated and consumer-­ elevant

marketing is paramount to ­ ttaining

sustainable market leadership.  To
achieve that,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf
has combined product marketing,  brand
communication and retail marketing into
one fully integrated global marketing
team.  This team uses a variety of strong
marketing tools to achieve its objectives. 
Product launches are supported by substantial PR and marketing campaignsinvolving key assets and best-in-class
customer support to drive new product
sell-through.  In addition to traditional
marketing techniques,  TaylorMadeadidas Golf is also dedicated to exploring
and executing new and innovative ways
to promote products using social media
(Facebook and Twitter),  online ­nitiatives

like www. Projectburner, com and product
seeding initiatives like last year's free
Burner® 6-iron giveaway and the Penta
TP free-sleeve programme in 2010. 
Another prime example of TaylorMadeadidas Golf's efforts to create unique
promotional events is the 'Wear in the
World" golf adventure,  which involves
testing performance apparel in some
of the world's most extreme weather
conditions. 

Destinations included golf courses
in Death Valley,  California,  the high
altitudes of Bolivia and Argentina
and Walker Bay in South Africa.  The
programme,  which illustrates how
technologies such as CLIMACOOL®CLIMALITE® and ­ LIMAPROOF® can help

provide a competitive advantage in the
most extreme golf conditions,  attracted
widespread attention from consumers
and the media. 

The New 1 Selling Iron. 
Proof The Set Is Dead. 
Renowned as the world leader in metalwood sales,  TaylorMade
became the No.  1 iron brand in the USA in August 2009.  To keep
the momentum going in 2010,  the brand is launching an extensive
sales and marketing campaign called 'Project Burner",  which
urges golfers to join the more than 170000 others who now play
TaylorMade's eight individually engineered Burner ® irons,  and
instructs them to 'stop playing obsolete irons". 


01

Intelligent retail marketing
and distribution
TaylorMade-adidas Golf works with retail
partners that possess the skills to effectively showcase the performance advantages and modern design credentials of
TaylorMade,  adidas Golf and ­ shworth

products.  Core channels include
green grass retailers,  off-course golf

­ pecialty retailers and sporting goods
retail formats with golf-specific departments.  Focusing on strategic accountsTaylorMade-adidas Golf strives to ­ reate

and make available state-of-the-art
floor displays that show off products and
communicate key messages as clearly
as possible,  allowing it to position its
clubs,  balls,  footwear and apparel among
the top-selling golf products in these
retail channels.  Close working relationships with key accounts will continue in
2010,  as will efforts to build additional
brand presence at smaller retailers
and on-course golf shops.  In emerging
markets throughout the world,  the company employs established adidas Group
infrastructures to distribute productspromote awareness and drive growth. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy 

  77

Burner® SuperFast Driver 

01

Three years after the launch of Burner ® 07,  the most successful
driver in TaylorMade history,  the brand introduced the third
generation of this legendary metalwood line: Burner ® SuperFast. 
Weighing just 284 grams,  the Burner ® SuperFast driver is
engineered to promote faster swing speed for superior distance. 
The 460cc clubhead,  sleeker and more aerodynamic than past
Burner ® metalwoods,  boasts exceptionally high MOI for tremendous
forgiveness and the largest clubface of any TaylorMade driver. 

Pricing strategy reflects
brand positioning
TaylorMade-adidas Golf's pricing policy
mirrors the positioning of its three
brands.  TaylorMade's pricing strategy
is to dominate the market at premium
price points and compete aggressively
in the high-volume mid-price segment. 
adidas Golf supports its market reputation as the innovation leader by selling
its products primarily at premium price
points.  Ashworth positions products in
the mid- and premium-price categories. 
Market share expansion,  particularly
in golf,  is driven mainly by the ability to
deliver best-in-class lines of products at
multiple price points.  In 2009,  an example
of TaylorMade-adidas Golf's success
in implementing this strategy is the
TOUR360 Limited (high-price) footwear
and FitRx (medium-priced) footwear. 

TaylorMade: extending leadership in
metalwoods and irons
TaylorMade category priorities include
strengthening its position as the number
one metalwood brand in the world,  building on its growing global market share
in irons and increasing its presence in
wedges,  putters and balls. 
  Metalwoods: Today,  TaylorMade is
the clear market leader in metalwoods
(drivers,  fairway woods and hybrids).  The
brand is particularly strong in the USAwhere it has forged a 30% share of the
market and a large lead over its closest
competitor.  The brand's primary focus
going forward is to remain the innovation
leader and expand its metalwood business outside the USA.  This will in part
be driven by strengthening its promotion
partnerships in other regions.  From a
product perspective,  the brand will build
on the success of the R9™ franchise
forged in 2009 with the launch of the
R9™ SuperTri,  the first club to unify all of
TaylorMade's major driver technologies:

Burner® SuperFast Fairway Woods 
SuperFast Technology 
78 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy 
The 17-4 steel Burner ® SuperFast fairway woods share the
driver's aerodynamic head shape and are lighter in weight,  longer
in club-length,  larger in size and deeper of face compared to
Burner ® 08 fairways.  Together,  these elements promote increased
distance and make Burner ® SuperFast fairways remarkably easy
to launch.  At 301 grams,  they're the lightest TaylorMade fairways
ever,  and they also incorporate the largest clubhead size that
TaylorMade has ever offered in a steel fairway,  with the 3-wood
measuring 200cc. 


02

Movable Weight Technology®,  Flight Control Technology,  Inverted Cone Technology
and Ultra-Thin Wall Technology,  as well
as the extension of the Burner® ­ amily

of metalwoods with the introduction of
the Burner® SuperFast,  which,  at 284
grams,  is the lightest driver ­ aylorMade

has produced to date.  Together,  the R9™
SuperTri and the new Burner® SuperFast
driver will be promoted with an ­ xtensive

television,  online and print campaign
called '­ aylorMade vs.  TaylorMade". 

  Irons: In 2009,  the new Burner® irons
have provided TaylorMade with a strong
foundation for future growth in the category.  As opposed to previous TaylorMade
irons,  the Burner® long-irons,  middleirons and short-irons were developed
separately rather than in conjunction with
each other.  Their immediate popularity
­
made Burner® the first TaylorMade iron
model to reach number one in sales in
the United States,  which in turn helped
TaylorMade reach number one in iron
market share in the United States for the
first time in the brand's history,  a position it has now held since August 2009. 
In 2010,  TaylorMade will leverage this
­
success with various product updates and
geographic expansion. 

In light of the USGA and R&A's recent
ruling dictating that iron-groove design
must be less aggressive to promote less
backspin,  xFT offers a distinct advantage
which should allow TaylorMade to grow
its ­ arket share significantly in 2010. 

  Putters: TaylorMade's Rossa® Monza®
Spider high-MOI putters continued to be
in high demand by golfers everywhereand were used to win multiple tour
­
events around the world.  A 2009 addition
to the line,  the Monza® ­ pider BaleroS
is extremely popular in Asia and helped
make TaylorMade the number two putter
brand in Japan.  Plans in 2010 call for a
new addition to the Monza® ­ pider line

that incorporates the input and suggestions of a variety of Tour pros. 
  Golf balls: Success in this category
depends on the ability to create highperformance golf balls,  bring them to
market and build credibility among Tour
professionals. 

In 2009,  TaylorMade's status as a maker
of premium golf balls was enhanced
when Tour professional Yong-Eun Yang
captured the PGA Championship using a
TP Red,  the first time a major championship was won with a TaylorMade ball.  In
2010,  TaylorMade will continue to build
on its momentum in golf balls,  driven
by the Penta TP ball.  This is the first
five-layer golf ball,  designed to promote 
optimum performance on the five critical
golf shots – driver,  long-iron,  middleiron,  short-iron and partial wedges. 

­ aylorMade intends to enhance marketplace acceptance and sales in the golf
ball category by extending ­ aylorMade

branded offerings,  and increasing the
number of Tour professionals using

­ aylorMade balls. 

Penta TP Tour Ball 

03

Penta TP is the first tour ball to incorporate five solid layers
– cover,  outer mantle,  middle mantle,  inner mantle and core –
each engineered to optimise performance in five key shot
categories driver,  long-irons,  middle-irons,  short-irons and
partial wedges.  TaylorMade's advertising calls Penta TP 'the
most complete ball in golf" while telling its five-layer story.  It
is well represented on the world's tours with Sergio GarciaDustin Johnson,  Martin Kaymer,  Retief Goosen,  Justin Rose and
Jason Day all playing it. 

  Wedges: Leveraging TaylorMade's
success in metalwoods and irons to other
categories such as wedges continues to
be a strategic priority.  Innovation again
is critical in this respect and,  in 2009TaylorMade debuted Exchangeable Face
Technology (xFT) in the category.  xFT
permits players to easily replace a worn
clubface with a new one,  making it possible to maintain a fresh,  spin-inducing
clubface without replacing the clubhead. 
For the consumer,  this is more costeffective than buying a new wedge. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy 

  79

Brand Campaign 2010


02

adidas Golf's 2010 brand platform is firmly focused on giving
athletes technological breakthroughs that reshape what's
athletically possible on the golf course.  Breakthroughs include
COOLMAX® ENERGY in apparel,  which promotes more endurance
via scientifically designed fibres that increase airflow to the skin. 
In footwear,  the advanced THiNTech technology which lowers the
golfer closer to the ground for better balance and stability is now
available in every adidas Golf shoe. 

adidas Golf: setting new standards
in high-performance footwear and
apparel
adidas Golf makes high-performance golf
footwear and apparel for athletes who
want to maximise their physical potential
in order to play the game at their highest
­
level.  Therefore,  the brand's array of
products embodies its popular maxim –
Equipment For Your Body™. 

80 

In footwear,  leveraging proprietary
technologies from various other adidas
­
categories such as adiPRENE®+ with
golf-specific technologies offers a
significant competitive advantage over
pure play golf footwear brands.  In 2009adidas Golf was able to bring significant
new innovation to market including the
ultra-stable TOUR360 40 with revolutionary THiNTech technology,  and TOUR360
Sport with '50/50 protect",  as well as the
ultra-­ omfortable FitRx and FitRx Sport. 
 
  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy 
In apparel,  adidas Golf positions itself as
the most innovative performance brand in
the game by utilising adidas technologies
such as FORMOTION™,  CLIMACOOL®
and CLIMAPROOF® technologies in

­ didas Golf apparel products.  adidas Golf
was the first major brand to incorporate
technologies like these into golf apparel. 
In 2010,  a variety of exciting new
launches such as a new premium

­ ffering called adiPURE™ (footwear
and apparel) will continue adidas Golf's
authentic union of design,  technology
and function. 

In addition,  the brand will begin to leverage its partnership portfolio further.  New
signature lines planned with Natalie

­ ulbis and Paula Creamer designed for
and with input from these two highly
popular and visible LPGA stars will help
adidas Golf expand its line of womenspecific golf products.  Also planned is
the TOUR360 40 Sport,  which offers a
new approach to combining ­ reathability

with protection,  and a new range of

­ LIMACOOL® tops and bottoms with softtouch COOLMAX® fabric. 

Wear Your Passion
'Wear Your Passion" is Ashworth's new mantra,  a direct allusion
to the effortless way in which the brand's traditionally styled
line-up of tops,  bottoms,  outerwear and headwear can be worn on
the course and on infinite occasions off the course.  The supporting
print campaign illustrates that point with striking photos of
Ashworth Tour Staff pros like Sean O'Hair and Fred Couples looking
stylish and relaxed away from the course in Ashworth apparel. 


03

Ashworth: brand re-launch in 2010
Ashworth,  which was acquired in 2008provides TaylorMade-adidas Golf with
 unique opportunity to establish a golf
lifestyle business.  Founded in 1987A
­ shworth's roots in golf and authenticity
as a golf brand provide a key differentiator from other golf lifestyle brands. 
In 2009,  Ashworth's efforts focused on
creating a platform for future profitable
growth.  Steps taken consist of a branding
facelift including modernising its iconic
Golfman logo,  definition of product range
architecture,  cleaning up of distribution
and revamping its partnership portfolio. 
In addition,  all Ashworth operating and
go-to-market functions were fully integrated with adidas Golf to take advantage
of operational and fixed-cost synergies. 
In 2010,  the brand will be relaunched with a focus on ­ econnecting

with all golfers (professionals and nonprofessionals alike) as the authentic
golf brand,  building on its reputation for
relaxed,  lifestyle-orientated apparel that
appeals to golf enthusiasts of all agesboth on and off the course.  Products
will incorporate proprietary EZ-Tech
fabrics which deliver easy care and

­ uperior wear,  and performance fabrics
for warm-climate,  on-course use.  Like
the other brands in the TaylorMadeadidas Golf segment,  Ashworth will seek
to build Tour visibility and credibility

­ tilising partners such as Tour professionals Fred Couples,  Sean O'Hair,  Ryan
Palmer and Charles Howell III. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    TaylorMade-adidas Golf Strategy 

  81

Rockport Strategy
Rockport is a US-based manufacturer of leather footwear.  Founded in 1971,  the brand has a long history of selling walking
and comfort leather shoes for men and women.  Rockport's mission is to become a leading leather footwear brand in the world
through the innovative combination of contemporary style and engineered comfort.  The leather footwear market is a largehighly attractive market where few players have been able to achieve significant market share.  Rockport's brand position in
select markets and its heritage provide a strong foundation for growth. 

Leather footwear market offers
significant opportunity
The leather footwear industry is highly
attractive in terms of size,  growth and
profit potential.  The market is estimated
at over US$ 70 billion.  It is currently
 highly fragmented global market. 

­ ockport has one of the strongest brand
heritages in the leather footwear industry
and has strong brand recognition,  particularly in its home market,  the United
States.  Rockport has the opportunity to
be one of the winners in this industry by
achieving sustainable,  profitable growth
in the years to come. 
Global brand positioning relevant
to Rockport's target consumer
Rockport's brand positioning is 'Comfortably stylish,  contemporary,  and always
innovative".  This positioning builds on
Rockport's existing brand equity in comfort and technological innovation while
also focusing on developing a stylish and
contemporary brand through Rockport's
­
world-class,  international design
resources,  broad category and consumer
end use coverage,  and the utilisation of
three product range fashion expressions
to appeal to a large consumer base. 

82 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Rockport Strategy 
The combination of these brand elements
attracts Rockport's globally relevant main
­
target consumer,  the metropolitan professional.  The brand is currently focused
almost exclusively on the footwear

­ ategory. 

Focus on consistent execution
of brand direction
Rockport's brand vision is to enable
people to do more,  be more,  and live
more.  This vision is achieved through
the brand's shoemaking philosophy'Walkability",  which is applied to the
brand's products spanning across the
dress,  dress casual,  relaxed casual
and active casual leather footwear
categories. 
Globalise brand,  product
and distribution
Rockport has a globally relevant brand
and product offering with regional distribution in the United States,  the AmericasEurope,  the Middle East and Asia.  Its
key global priorities include: strengthen
its position in the USA,  establish a
regional organisation to build a foundation for the brand and drive growth in
Europe,  and exploit growth opportunities
in Asia,  particularly in China,  India and
Korea. 

In 2009,  Rockport continued to expand its
international distribution.  The brand now
does business in more than 55 markets
worldwide.  Sales outside of the United
States now account for close to half of
Rockport's total business and doubledigit percentage growth is planned in the
near term. 

Build a dual gender business
In 2009,  Rockport further strengthened
its investments in its women's product
and design teams.  This investment is
expected to translate into solid growth
in the women's business in 2010,  with
the introduction of balanced,  holisticbranded women's lines that provide the
female consumer with a value propos­
ition that incorporates both fashion and
comfort,  thereby freeing her of the need
to compromise either of these elements
in her decision to purchase leather
footwear. 

Roll out a profitable mono-brand
retail concept
Rockport will drive the global rollout
of its newly created mono-brand retail
concept,  whose prototypes are currently
being piloted in select markets.  Based
on encouraging results to date,  Rockport
is accelerating the expansion of its new
mono-brand retail concept in the USA
and piloting stores in additional markets
in 2010.  Full-price own-retail stores are
expected to comprise more than a fifth
of total sales by 2014 and are planned to
be the main driver of growth within the
brand over that period. 
Build effective organisational
processes
2009 saw increased focus on a number of
operational areas including forecasting
and order processing accuracy,  lead-time
reduction,  product range ­ egmentation

and productivity and supply chain

­ omplexity reduction.  In 2010,  Rockport
will continue its focus to improve these
and additional operational areas that are
critical to the continued success of the
business. 

Spring/Summer 2010 Campaign
Rockport's spring/summer 2010 campaign underscores the
brand's commitment to its vision of creating contemporary styles
engineered for maximum comfort.  In the campaign visualsRockport shoes demonstrate the freedom to roll from day to nightfrom the office to dinner with friends,  from an early breakfast in
town to a day hike in the foothills.  Simply put,  Rockport's design
innovations allow their consumers to do more,  be more,  live more. 
The global campaign will be executed in all markets,  through
in-store visuals,  media outreach and advertising initiatives. 


01

In addition,  Rockport plans to further
leverage the Group's infrastructure
(e.g.  in emerging markets) as a core
element in supporting its global growth
strategy. 

Key strategic product initiatives
and innovation
The Rockport brand continues its

­ ommitment to incorporate ­nnovative

concepts and advanced technologies
into its products.  Following on the
highly ­ uccessful 2009 re-launch of its

D
­ resSport® 2 collection,  which marries
athletic innovation and contemporary
style to make it one of the most comfortable,  stylish and lightweight men's
dress shoe collections on the marketin 2010 Rockport will debut its innovative new TruWALK product architecture. 
TruWALK was developed as a result of
decades of biomechanical and physio­
logical research and provides the wearer
with a soft strike and smooth roll that

­ imics the foot's natural walking motion. 
Rockport will also continue to leverage
Group-wide resources with the con­
tinued incorporation of industry-leading
technologies such as adidas adiPRENE®
and ­ diPRENE+® footbed technology into

its products. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Rockport Strategy 

  83

Reebok-CCM Hockey Strategy
Reebok-CCM Hockey is one of the world's largest designers,  manufacturers and marketers of hockey equipment and related
apparel under two of the most recognised hockey brand names: Reebok Hockey and CCM Hockey.  Reebok-CCM Hockey equips
more professional hockey players than any other company,  including NHL superstars such as Sidney Crosby and Alexander
Ovechkin.  Reebok-CCM Hockey is also the official outfitter of high-profile leagues such as the National Hockey League as well
as several NCAA and national teams.  Reebok-CCM Hockey's strategy is to increase market share by leveraging its multi-brand
approach to speak to different consumer groups,  supported by its dedication to innovate for the leading athletes in the sport. 

Focus on high-end performance
Reebok-CCM Hockey has a dual brand
portfolio consisting of Reebok Hockey
and CCM Hockey.  Reebok Hockey is a
global brand that celebrates individuality
­
in sport and in life.  Its products are
designed with emphasis on innovative
visible technologies that speak to a more
expressive,  image-conscious consumer. 
CCM Hockey is hockey's most ­ uthentic

brand,  being in existence since 1899. 
CCM Hockey embraces the physical side
of the game and is all about guts and
glory.  The brand speaks to a consumer
seeking performance and quality. 
Reebok-CCM Hockey's primary
focus is to lead in the high-end performance segment of the hockey market. 
Continued success in the hockey market
will be driven through a concerted focus
on product innovation,  supported by
professional player validation achieved by
having the best athletes in the world play
with Reebok-CCM Hockey products. 

84 

Differentiated marketing and brand campaigns are targeted towards the intended
consumer segment,  for example players
or fans.  In-arena and partnership-based
marketing programmes,  consumer
campaigns and web-based initiatives
are designed to create brand ­ xposuree

­ reating demand for Reebok-CCM
Hockey products. 

Product innovation matches
brand positioning
The key priority for Reebok-CCM

­ ockey's innovation team is to designdevelop and industrialise products that
are targeted to be visibly different and
demonstrably better than that of the
competition,  with a dedication to providing elite athletes with high-­ erformance

products.  With its emphasis on continued
­
product innovation,  products incorporate
­
proprietary patented techno­ogical

advances under both brands within
the Reebok-CCM Hockey portfolio. 

­ eebok Hockey's Pump Skates,  O-Sticks
and the Edge Uniform exemplify the
brand's breakthrough technologies. 
CCM ­ ockey's product innovation story

is led by its U+™ Skate,  the only truly

­ ustomisable skate in the market,  and
the U+™ Stick,  the lightest performance
stick in the world. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Reebok-CCM Hockey Strategy 
Professional player validation
Reebok-CCM Hockey recognises that
success with the consumer is ­ eavily

influenced by exposure generated at
the Pro League level.  Product usage by
the best players in the game validates
Reebok-CCM Hockey's product performance credentials,  and both brands are
highly visible among professional hockey
leagues worldwide. 
  The strongest league partnerships:
Reebok-CCM Hockey has the strongest
league partnerships within the ­ndustry. 

It is the exclusive licensee of jerseys
for the National Hockey League (NHL)the American Hockey League (AHL)the ECHL,  the Canadian Hockey League
(CHL) and many of the European National
(5) and Elite League (33) teams.  99% of
all NHL players wear at least one piece
of Reebok or CCM Hockey equipment. 
Reebok-CCM Hockey is also the official
equipment supplier of the AHL,  the CHL
and the ECHL. 

  Impressive roster of Pro Player
endorsees: Reebok-CCM Hockey has
formed endorsement partnerships with
many of the best athletes in the world. 
With manufacturing capabilities close
to the world's major leagues,  the two
brands can respond rapidly with customised solutions.  This provides a strong
competitive advantage in attracting key
pro athletes.  The Reebok Hockey brand
is currently endorsed by NHL players
such as Sidney Crosby,  Pavel ­ atsyukD
Roberto Luongo and Marc-Andre Fleury. 
CCM Hockey's roster of player ­ ndorsees

includes Alexander Ovechkin,  Joe

­ hornton and Vincent Lecavalier.  In 2009Reebok-CCM Hockey made an unpre­
ce­ ented move in the hockey world by

signing the three top overall NHL Draft
picks John Tavares (CCM Hockey),  Matt
Duchene (Reebok Hockey) and Victor
Hedman (Reebok Hockey). 

Increase profitability through
supply chain efficiencies
Another strategic priority for Reebok-CCM
Hockey is to continue to pursue a movement away from own manufacturing to
sourcing goods.  However,  the segment
will maintain manufacturing activities
in areas where it is a distinct competitive
advantage to do so,  such as is the case
for performance products destined for
pro level athletes. 
Pump™ Technology 
Product education programmes
to support retail partners
Reebok-CCM Hockey provides its stra­
tegic retail partners with product education programmes,  in-store merchandising programmes and on-the-floor staff
support.  Reebok-CCM Hockey develops
retail segmentation programmes that
help create differentiated packages for its
key accounts.  Core distribution channels
include hockey specialty shops,  sporting
goods retailers and in-arena concessions. 


01

11K Pump 
Enhanced Heel-lock 
The 11K Pump is a good example of Reebok Hockey's commitment
to innovation leadership.  The 11K Pump is lighter and more
powerful than any Reebok skate to date.  The embedded composite
technology solidifies the skate and controls flexion,  while the
power system gives the skate an intuitive feel with a more agile
performance.  Coupled with PUMP™ technology,  the skate
stands out in terms of comfort and adaptability and offers the
maximum in ­ ersonal customisation.  The skate enhances heelp
lock,  ankle ­ upport and advanced forward flex,  resulting in a

secure fit. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Reebok-CCM Hockey Strategy 

  85

Pricing strategy mirrors
product positioning
Reebok-CCM Hockey's pricing strategy
is consistent with its positioning as a
high-performance company.  Through
 commitment to product innovationReebok-CCM Hockey's pricing strategy is
to dominate the market in the premium
price segments and to be a strong

­ ompetitor within the mid-price segment
of the market. 
Key strategic categories
to drive growth
Reebok-CCM Hockey intends to accomplish growth through a continuous 
stream of product launches in its three
key category priorities: skates,  sticks and
apparel. 
  Skates: The focus in the skate category is to drive market share increases
through the creation of products that
continue to address critical aspects
such as fit,  weight and durability.  For

­ xample,  in 2010,  a new line of Reebok
Hockey branded skates,  11K Pump,  is
being launched,  featuring an advanced
fit element.  This new skate line was also
designed with a clear focus to incorp­
orate lightweight and durable materials. 
In 2011,  CCM Hockey plans to launch 
the next generation of its U+™ platform
which features a fully thermo-formable
skate.  In addition to the aforementioned
launches,  projects within the advanced
product development group will continue
to drive innovation in subsequent years. 
  Sticks: To drive future growth in the
sticks category,  Reebok-CCM Hockey
focuses on developing new technologies
that incorporate enhanced power,  feelflexibility and weight.  The ­ eebok 808

'O-Stick" features proprietary,  highly

­ isible O-Port technology,  providing
players with a more powerful and

­ ccurate shot. 

U+™ CL Stick
CCM Hockey is proud to present the lightest stick in the hockey
market.  The U+™ CL stick is built from the inside out.  There is no
blade insertion into the shaft.  Instead,  the blade is moulded over
both sides of the shaft,  making a true one-piece stick.  Multiple
layers of high-grade carbon placed at different angles in the blade
result in a lighter blade with the same durability.  At the same timethe stick features a 360º extreme inter-laced carbon woven wrap
outside layer,  providing players with optimal durability in a superlight stick. 

Multiple carbon layers 
86 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Reebok-CCM Hockey Strategy 

02

The CCM U+™ CL stick is the lightest
performance stick in the marketplace
and provides players with an optimised

­ alance and feel. 
  Apparel: Reebok-CCM Hockey will
strive to further leverage its league partnerships and exclusive uniform status
to drive growth.  The Reebok Edge NHL

­ ersey features a four-way Stretch Mesh
to provide players with maximum ventilation and range of motion.  In addition to
official uniforms,  Reebok-CCM Hockey
also has opportunities to grow due to its
status as the official NHL locker room
performance apparel supplier,  and
its exclusive rights related to the NHL

­ layers' Association (NHLPA) for name
and numbered apparel and headwear. 
NHL locker room performance apparel
relates to the apparel that pro athletes
wear under their jerseys during a gameor to work out and train in the gym.  A key
product initiative in this area is Reebok
Speedwick apparel.  Designed to feel like
cotton,  fabrics used in this apparel are
breathable,  utilising ­ lay Dry® technology

to manage moisture and antimicrobial
yarns to permanently inhibit the growth
of bacteria. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Reebok-CCM Hockey Strategy 

  87

Global Operations
The adidas Group's Global Operations function coordinates the development,  production planning,  sourcing and distribution of
the majority of our products.  The function continually strives to increase efficiency throughout the Group's supply chain as well as
to ensure the highest standards in product quality and delivery performance for our customers at competitive costs. 

N°

Global Operations in Go-to-Market Process 
01
Global Operations 
Marketing 
Design 
Research &
development 
Sourcing 
Supply chain
management 
Design
Sales
subsidiaries 
Briefing 
Concept 
Product creation 
Manufacturing 
Distribution 
Sales 
Business solutions
Processes and infrastructure of the future 
88 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Global Operations 
Enforced vision: closest to
every consumer
The vision of the Global Operations function is to be closest to every consumer. 
This means enhancing the adidas Group's
top- and bottom-line growth by meeting
consumer demand in both wholesale and
retail channels with the right product in
terms of quality,  size,  colour,  style and
material in the right place,  at the right
time.  In order to realise its vision,  the
Global Operations function continues to
focus on five strategic initiatives:
  Replenishment: Providing high availability as well as fast and timely delivery of product to wholesale and retail
customers while minimising inventory
of finished goods. 
   nd-to-End Profitability: Identifying

key cost and profitability drivers and
their interrelationships to optimise
decision-making in order to mitigate
financial risks and ensure the longterm profitability of the Group and its
supply base. 
  Adaptive Supply Network: Enhancing
the flexibility and responsiveness of
both the Global Operations ­ ourcing

and Supply Chain Management organisations to satisfy quick-changing
market needs. 
 
End-to-End Planning: Optimising
the Group-wide demand and supply
planning system landscape to improve
efficiency,  transparency and crossfunctionality of processes across the
Wholesale and Retail segments as
well as Other Businesses. 

  Accelerated Creation to Shelf:
Building capabilities,  processes and
technology that drive faster,  smarter
and more efficient product creation to
enhance the Group's top- and bottomline growth. 
In 2009,  the Global Operations function
made further progress and successfully
implemented processes,  systems and
infrastructure measures deriving from
the five key initiatives:

Processes and systems tailored for
expansion of Retail segment
The Replenishment initiative is particu­
larly essential to support the growth of
our Retail segment and Group-­ ontrolled

retail space.  In 2009,  we established a
dedicated retail transformation team
within Global Operations that supports
the retail sales team by implementing
the right processes and systems to cater
for the unique demands of Retail see
Global Sales Strategy,  p.  54.  Throughout the
year,  Global Operations also increased
its efforts in strengthening and enhancing its portfolio of fulfilment models that
allow sales ­ ubsidiaries to buy product

closer to market and ­ eplenish stores

more frequently and strategically. 
Improved capacity and material planning

­ rocesses allowed over 1300 articles
to be ­ roduced and delivered with short

lead times of 22 to 30 days. 

Further advancements in costing
transparency and predictability
In light of the decline of global economic
output,  our End-to-End Profitability
efforts gained further significance in
2009.  We set up a dedicated Profitability
Management department to monitor
macroeconomic trends,  forecast the
impact on product and supplier costsand devise our supply chain profitability
strategy.  In addition,  our development
teams also contribute significantly
to this initiative by engineering our
product with a stronger focus on cost. 
Throughout 2009,  we also engaged
our ­ uppliers with the aim to increase

transparency and predictability in
costing.  For example,  we closely tracked
raw material costs and leveraged this
information to consolidate volumes. 
This allowed us to negotiate more
effectively and offset cost increases.  In
addition,  our Sourcing teams improved
our product allocation process to better
utilise suppliers' ­ apabilities and take

into account total supply chain costs
(e.g.  time to market,  trade restrictions). 
Moreover,  by leveraging consolidated
volumes,  our Transport and Customs
team successfully negotiated reduced
transportation costs and optimised
shipment routes with our service
providers. 

Infrastructure optimisation continued
As part of our Adaptive Supply Network
initiative,  we continued to optimise our
supply chain infrastructure in 2009.  We
further consolidated our network of
distribution centres,  upgraded our existing facilities and invested in new sites. 
Apart from warehousing consolidation
and warehouse processes optimisation in
the UK,  Spain,  the Netherlands,  Greece
and South Africa,  our most remarkable
improvement was the finalisation of the
adidas Group's second multi-brand distribution centre in Spartanburg/South
Carolina,  USA.  These new facilities
are designed to support both the future
growth of our brands and future demands
from our retail channels.  In addition,  the
planning phase for a new distribution
centre in Russia was completed.  However,  execution of the project has been
deferred until market conditions require
that the project be re-started to support
our business models in the area. 
In 2009,  we also continued building
and enhancing our process and systems
infrastructure,  bringing increased flexibility and responsiveness to our supply
chain.  We made significant enhancements to our SAP-based purchase order
management system Global Procurement System (GPS) based on user
feedback.  We also started preparation
work for its rollout to the Reebok brand
in 2010.  GPS harmonises and simplifies
the ordering process and enables us to
better react to market changes. 

It is the largest SAP implementation
undertaken by the adidas Group to dateand will ultimately replace ten legacy
systems across the Group.  We have also
started preparations for the expansion of
our trading platform in Amsterdam to the
USA and Japan.  The improved visibilitycontrol and risk management capabilities
this platform generates will benefit each
of our supply chain functions across all
brands. 

The demand planning programme is
complemented by a supply planning
programme aimed at consolidating
several legacy planning systems and
processes within the Group into a single
International Logistics Planning System
(ILS) for all brands and product segments
(Footwear,  Apparel and Accessories). 
In 2009,  ILS was successfully launched
for brand adidas.  It will be rolled out for
brand ­ eebok in 2010. 


Standardisation and automation
of planning processes
As part of our End-to-End Planning

­nitiative we have been focusing on

­mplementing an optimised demand
planning process and system to more
than 20 countries in Europe.  We standardised and partially automated certain
planning functions to increase forecast
accuracy.  Following the first wave of
implementations in 2008,  we continued
the roll-out to the remaining European
countries throughout 2009.  The final golive will be completed by the end of the
second quarter of 2010 when both brands
adidas and Reebok will share a joint

­ latform in Europe.  Hereafter,  we expect
to continue the roll-out to other key

­ didas Group markets such as Japan. 

Product creation process streamlined
and simplified
The Accelerated Creation to Shelf

­nitiative gained important momentum
in 2009 with progress being made in
three areas.  February saw the start of
our 'Fast and Lean Creation" programme
for the adidas and Reebok brands.  It is
aimed at making our product creation

­ rocess faster,  smarter and more efficient through process streamlining and
simplification,  improved communication
between our development teams and
suppliers,  and the reduction of administrative work along the creation process. 
An additional objective is the harmonisation of processes and systems across our
brands.  This programme will accelerate
the expansion of creation calendars of
12 months or less to a larger share of
our products.  The programme roll-out
will continue until 2011.  In 2009,  we also
increased the use of virtual technologies
at our creation centres around the world
to further reduce the cost of product
proto­ ypes and sales samples. 
 
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Global Operations 

  89

10% Americas 

Majority of production through
independent suppliers
To minimise production costs,  we outsource over 95% of production to independent third-party suppliers,  primarily
located in Asia.  While we provide them
with detailed specifications for production and delivery,  these suppliers possess
excellent expertise in cost-efficient highvolume production of footwear,  apparel
and accessories.  The latest list of our
suppliers can be found on our website 
N°

Suppliers by Region 1)

02
  74% Asia 
16% Europe 

1)  igures include adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf,  but exclude local sourcing

­

­ artners,  sourcing agents,  subcontractors,  second tier suppliers and
licensee factories. 

www, adidas-Group, com/en/sustainability/
suppliersandworkers. 

1% Americas 

The adidas Group also operates a
limited amount of own production and
assembly sites in Germany (1),  Sweden
­
(1),  Finland (1),  the USA (4),  Canada (5)China (1) and Japan (1).  In order to
ensure the high quality consumers expect
from our products,  we enforce strict
control and inspection procedures at our
suppliers and in our own factories.  In
addition,  we promote adherence to social
and environmental standards throughout
our supply chain see Sustainability,  p.  102. 

N°

Footwear production by Region 1)

03
  97% Asia 
2% Europe 

1) Figures only include the adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf brands. 

N°

Footwear production 1)

04

in million pairs 
2006
2007
2008
2009

200
201
221
171

1) Figures only include the adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf brands. 

90 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Global Operations 
Continued consolidation of
manufacturing partners
In 2009,  Global Operations worked with
270 independent manufacturing partnersrepresenting a 10% reduction compared
to the prior year.  This is a result of further rationalisation of our supplier base
as well as the overall decline of sourcing
volumes.  Of our independent manufacturing partners,  74% were located in
Asia,  16% were located in Europe and
10% in the Americas.  32% of all suppliers
were located in China  see   02. 
Our Global Operations function
manages product development,  commercialisation and distribution,  and also
supervises sourcing for our Wholesale
and Retail segments as well as for

­ didas Golf  see   01.  Due to the specific
sourcing requirements in their respective fields of business,  TaylorMadeRockport,  Reebok-CCM Hockey and the
Sports Licensed Division are not serviced
through Global Operations,  but instead
utilise their own purchasing organisation.  In order to quickly seize short-term
opportunities in their local market or
react to trade regulations,  Group subsid­
iaries may also source from selected
local suppliers outside the realm of
Global Operations.  Local purchases,  however,  account only for a minor portion of
the Group's total sourcing volume. 

China share of footwear
production decreases
97% of our total 2009 footwear volume
for adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf was
produced in Asia (2008: 97%).  Production
in Europe and the Americas combined
accounted for 3% of the sourcing volume
(2008: 3%) see   03.  China ­ epresents

our largest sourcing country with
approximately 41% of the total volumefollowed by Vietnam with 31% and Indonesia with 17%.  As part of our strategy
to increase the regional diversity of our
supplier base to meet the ongoing needs
of our business,  the overall representation of China in our sourcing mix declined
 percentage points.  At the same timethe share of footwear volume sourced
from India increased almost 2 percentage points from a low comparison base. 
In 2009,  our footwear suppliers produced
approximately 171 million pairs of shoes
(2008: approx.  221 million pairs)  see 
 04.  The year-over-year decrease was
attributable to a lower sourcing volume
at both the adidas and Reebok brands
due to excess inventories in the first half
of 2009.  Our largest footwear factory produced approximately 11% of the footwear
sourcing volume (2008: 11%).  Rockport
purchased approximately 6 million pairs
of footwear in 2009,  which represents
 decline of 27% versus the prior year. 
Products were primarily sourced from
factories in China (64%),  Vietnam (24%)
and Indonesia (10%).  The largest factory
accounted for 28% of the total sourcing
volume of the Rockport brand. 

Volume of apparel production declines
In 2009,  we sourced 83% of the total
apparel volume for adidas,  Reebok
and adidas Golf from Asia (2008: 83%). 
Europe remained the second largest
apparel sourcing region,  representing 11% of the volume (2008: 12%).  The
Americas accounted for 6% of the volume
(2008: 5%)  see   05.  China was the largest source country,  representing 37% of
the produced volume,  followed by Thailand with 14% and Indonesia with 11%. 
In total,  our suppliers produced approximately 239 million units of apparel in
2009 (2008: approx.  284 million units)
 see   06.  The largest apparel factory
produced approximately 11% of this
apparel volume in 2009 (2008: 10%).  In
addition,  Reebok-CCM Hockey sourced
around 2 million units of apparel in 2009. 
The majority of this volume was also
produced in Asia,  while small portions
were sourced from the Americas (particularly Canada) and Europe.  The Sports
Licensed Division sourced approximately
20 million units of apparel and 14 million
units of headwear (2008: 22 million and
17 million,  respectively).  The ­ ajority

of purchased apparel products was
sourced as unfinished goods from Latin
America (62%) and Asia (8%),  and was
subsequently finished in our own screenp
­ rinting facilities in the USA.  The majority
of headwear sourced was finished products manufactured predominately in Asia
(96%) and the USA (4%). 

Approximately 67% of adidas and
Reebok branded hardware produced
in China
In 2009,  the bulk (i, e.  98%) of adidas and
Reebok branded hardware products,  such
as balls and bags,  was also produced in
Asia (2008: 98%).  China remained our
largest source country,  accounting for
67% of the sourced volume,  followed by
Vietnam with 22% and Pakistan with 8%. 
The remaining 3% was sourced via other
Asian and European countries  see   07. 
The total 2009 hardware sourcing volume
was approximately 34 million units (2008:
approximately 42 million units) with the
largest factory accounting for 28% of
production. 
TaylorMade and Reebok-CCM
Hockey sourced 92% and 88% of their
hardware volumes from Asia,  respectively
(2008: 93% and 75%).  In additionboth brands sourced a small portion
of hardware products in the Americas. 
­
At ­ aylorMade,  the majority of golf club

components were manufactured by

­ uppliers in China and assembled by

­ aylorMade in the USA,  China and
Japan. 

N°

Apparel production by Region 1)

6% Americas 

05
  83% Asia 
11% Europe 

1) Figures only include the adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf brands. 

N°

Apparel production 1)

06

in million Units 
2006
2007
2008
2009

225
252
284
239

1) Figures only include the adidas,  Reebok and adidas Golf brands. 

N°

Hardware production by Region 1)

2% Europe 

07
  98% Asia 
1) Figures only include the adidas and Reebok brands. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Global Operations 

  91

Research and Development
Product innovation is a prerequisite to strengthening our market position in the sporting goods industry.  Innovational strength
drives brand perception among consumers and has a direct impact on the value attributable to our products.  As a resultresearch and development (R&D) is a cornerstone for the continued success of our business.  We invest considerable resources
into developing and commercialising new technologies as well as fresh design ideas,  in order to best unite our brands' values
with the unique needs of our consumers.  The research and development process is driven by teams of employees with diverse
professional backgrounds.  In 2010,  our R&D priorities will focus on the development of such technologies that bring to life our
different brands' value propositions. 

R&D an integral part of the
product creation process
R&D within the adidas Group follows a
decentralised approach.  Fundamental
and biomechanical research,  however,  is
shared across the Group.  In line with its
distinctive positioning,  each brand runs
its own research,  design and development activities.  The teams generally have
either a category or a technology focus. 
R&D is not a separate organisational
entity,  but is closely integrated with the
sourcing,  design and product marketing
functions.  As a result,  all R&D activities
are focused on producing results directly
applicable to a specific product.  At the
beginning of the product creation pro­
cess,  marketing defines a development
priority.  This is derived on a case-by-case
basis from a combination of consumer
research and feedback,  competition
­

­ nalysis and own product testing.  Inde­
pendently from specific development
requests,  our innovation teams also

­ nalyse new materials,  production
­ rocesses or scientific research often

even from other industries to increase
the scope of idea generation. 

92 

These are presented to product marketing at an early stage to assess commerciality.  Once conceptualised,  new

­ echnologies are engineered using
state-of-the-art CAD and Finite Element
­
Analysis (FEA) systems.  Sourcing

­ pecialists are consulted to integrate
cost and production process aspects into
the development phase.  As soon as a
new technology is deemed ­ iable,  it is

produced as a physical ­ ample.  Samples

are then tested extensively by members
of our innovation team as well as by top
athletes and teams.  Only when these
tests have been successful are technol­
ogies handed over to product marketing
which commercialises the technology
to a final product. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Research and Development 
Initiatives to further streamline
product creation process
We constantly strive to utilise our R&D
processes to fulfil our mission to develop
products that give our athletes and consumers a tangible advantage over the
competition.  In 2009,  we introduced our
'Fast and Lean Creation" programme
 also see Global Operations,  p.  88.  This

­nitiative aims at further streamlining the
product creation process.  With respect to
our R&D activities specifically,  we aim at
improving our ability to adapt to changing consumer preferences more quicklyflexibly and efficiently.  In order to do sowe foster close cooperation between our
development teams and relevant stakeholders.  This means we have strengthened our connection with suppliers to
facilitate direct interaction and involvement in quality control,  product testing
and commercialisation.  Also,  in 2009
further progress was made to integrate
marketing and design teams into the
product creation process at an earlier
stage.  This measure supports the minimisation of costly product changes in the
later stages of the development process. 

adidas Innovation Team drives
brand's R&D initiatives
R&D activities at brand adidas focus on
the development of innovative ­ ootwearf
apparel and hardware technologies for
performance sport.  To solidify ­ didas'

position as a leader in technology and
innovation,  the adidas Innovation Team
(ait) is responsible for the ongoing
development of new technologies and
concepts in all key product categories. 
The team is divided into groups that
focus on individual product categories
like basketball,  football or crosscategory project areas such as intelligent products or energy management
systems (cushioning technologies).  The
majority of these groups are located in
Herzogenaurach,  Germany and Portland/
­
Oregon,  USA.  Dedicated innovation
development centres in Asia focus on the
design of products specifically targeting
the Asian market as well as the production of proto­ ypes to support the product

creation process. 

R&D activities at Reebok focus
on comfort and fit
R&D teams at Reebok create footwearapparel and hardware with the primary
focus on developing products that
provide maximum performance,  comfort
and fit for the consumer.  Teams are
structured along the brand's product
category focus in addition to certain
cross-category groups such as the
Reebok Advanced Concepts (RAC) team. 
Activities are primarily located in Canton/­
Massachusetts,  USA to facilitate close
collaboration with the respective product
marketing teams.  In order to include
production consider­ tions early in the

process,  a new develop­ ent centre was

opened in Vietnam close to the brand's
sourcing base in the middle of 2009. 
Industry-leading R&D at
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
TaylorMade-adidas Golf's R&D team is
focused on continually designing and
developing industry-leading products. 
The team is structured according to the
different product categories in golf and is
located in Carlsbad/California,  USA. 

Vertically integrated R&D
activities at Rockport
Rockport's R&D function located in

­ anton/Massachusetts,  USA,  is a vertically integrated organisation that covers
all aspects of strategy,  research,  designengineering and testing,  while incorp­
orating the Group's advanced proprietary
athletic footwear technologies into casual
and dress shoes. 
Reebok-CCM Hockey R&D
located in Canada
The R&D teams at Reebok-CCM Hockeylocated at two different locations in

­ anada,  are dedicated to continuously
creating state-of-the-art hockey equipment for both professional and recreational players.  Teams are organised by
category under the two brands Reebok
and CCM. 
Selective purchase of external
R&D expertise
In addition to its internal R&D efforts,  the
adidas Group also purchases a limited
amount of R&D expertise from wellestablished research partners.  We enter
into external collaborations to gain
access to highly specialised knowledge
in certain areas of expertise we have
decided not to fill internally. 

This strategy allows for greater flexibility
and faster access to know-how that may
otherwise require considerable time and
resources if built up within the Group.  To
increase efficiency and protect research
results,  collaborations are usually longterm and exclusive.  All projects carried
out with external partners are based on
 clearly defined mandate outlining the
project scope to ensure consistency with
the Group's R&D focus.  Major adidas
relationships exist with the University
of Loughborough,  England,  the University of Calgary,  Canada,  the University
of Erlangen-Nürnberg,  RWTH Aachen
University and the University of FreiburgGermany.  In 2009,  the development of
the JABULANI football,  for example,  was
based on comprehensive aerodynamic
research conducted by Loughborough
University.  Reebok partners with the University of ­ elaware in various categoriesD
in particular in developing toning products.  Using electromyographic tests,  the
benefits of increased muscle activity are
verified for new product developments
in this category.  TaylorMade-adidas Golf

­ ooperates with the University of Calgary. 
In 2009,  a joint study of swing dynamics
­
was conducted to help improve the
brand's club and ball fitting logic. 

N°

Major R&D locations and activities
Main activities 
adidas 
Global Development
Center (ait)
Global Development
Center (ait)
Global Research and
Testing Center (ait)
Product Creation
Center
Product Creation
Center
Reebok
Global Development
and Testing Center
Development and
Testing Center
TaylorMade-adidas Golf Global Development
and Testing Center
Rockport
Global Development
and Testing Center
Reebok-CCM Hockey
Development and
Testing Center
Development and
Testing Center 
01
Location 
HerzogenaurachGermany
Portland/
Oregon,  USA
ScheinfeldGermany
ShanghaiChina
TokyoJapan
Canton/
Massachusetts,  USA
Ho Chi MinhVietnam
Carlsbad/
California,  USA
Canton/
Massachusetts,  USA
Montreal/
Quebec,  Canada
Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu/
Quebec,  Canada 
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Research and Development 

  93

N°

R&D Expenses 
02

€ in millions 
2005 1)
2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

63
98
84
81
86

1)  eflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon

business segment. 
2)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

R&D Expenses
in % of net sales 
2005 1)
2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

N°

03
09
10
08
08
08

1)  eflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon

business segment. 
2)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

R&D Expenses
in % of other operating expenses 
2005 1)
2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

N°

04
25
26
21
19
20

Active trademark and patent
protection policy
To capitalise on the Group's R&D achievements,  we seek patent protection for all
our footwear,  apparel and hardware innovations.  It is an important business policy
for our Group to secure the best available
patent protection for our innovations in
major markets.  As we use a wide range
of different technologies in our products,  we are not dependent upon any
single technology,  or any patent rights
related to any single technology.  We also
own a substantial portfolio of registered
trademarks for the Group's brands and
related proprietary names.  As part of our
business policy,  we enforce the Group's
trademarks and patents by monitoring the marketplace for infringements
and taking action to prevent them.  This
includes a vigorous anti-counterfeiting
programme.  We also have comprehensive processes,  and undertake significant
research,  to avoid infringement of thirdparty intellectual property rights  see
Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  140. 
R&D expenses increase 6%
In 2009,  as in prior years,  all R&D costs
were expensed as incurred.  adidas
Group R&D expenses increased by 6%
to € 86 million (2008: € 81 million) as a
result of increases at brand adidas from
initiatives relating to the development
of intelligent products. 

1)  eflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon

business segment. 
2)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

94 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Research and Development 
R&D expenses include expenses for personnel and administration,  but exclude
other costs,  for example those associated
with the design aspect of the product
creation process.  Personnel expenses
represent the largest portion of R&D
expenses,  accounting for more than 50%
of total R&D expenses in 2009.  In 2009R&D expenses represented 20% of total
operating expenses versus 19% in the
prior year.  R&D expenses as a percentage
of sales remained stable at 08% (2008:
08%)  see Note 2,  p.  171. 

Highly skilled technical personnel
For all our brands,  the success of our
R&D efforts depends on bringing
together a multi-faceted and highly
skilled workforce.  At December 312009,  999 people were employed in the
Group's R&D activities compared to
1152 ­ mployees in 2008 (–13%).  This

represents 3% of total Group employees,  unchanged compared to the prior
year (2008: 3%).  The R&D departments
for each brand comprise experienced
teams from different areas of expertise. 
Employees with a background in mechanical and technical engineering as well as
biomechanics specialise primarily in the
development of performance footwear
with a special focus on reducing stress
on knees and other joints.  Experts in
material engineering concentrate on the
development of apparel and footwear
with an emphasis on increasing durability
and flexibility as well as enhancing temperature and moisture management. 

Other professional backgrounds include
industrial and graphic design,  Finite
Element Analysis,  advanced CAD design
and kinesiology.  In 2010,  we expect the
number of R&D employees to remain
largely unchanged. 

Successful commercialisation of
technological innovations
Developing industry-leading technologies
is only one aspect of being an innovation
leader.  Even more important is the successful commercialisation of those technological innovations.  Also in 2009,  the
majority of adidas Group sales were generated with products newly introduced in
the course of the year.  New products tend
to have a higher gross margin compared
to products which are in the market for
more than one season.  As a result,  newly
launched products contributed over­
proportionately to the Group's net income
in 2009.  We expect this development to
continue in 2010 as our launch ­ chedule

highlights a full pipeline of innovative
products  see Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  156. 

Successful product launches across
all major adidas categories
As in previous years,  the majority of

­ didas sales in 2009 were generated
with new products.  Products launched
during the year accounted for 80% of
brand sales (2008: 78%).  Only 3% of
total sales were generated with products introduced three or more years
ago (2008: 5%).  In running,  adidas
launched the adiSTAR® Salvation featuring a new balanced forefoot and the new
pro-­ oderator technology.  With this

extremely lightweight protective support
on the shoe's inner midsole,  the runner's
foot is prevented from rolling too much
to the inside upon landing.  Also,  the
newly launched Supernova™ Glide was
constructed 20% lighter compared to its
predecessor.  Highlight product launches
in the football category included the F50ithe first football boot with a single-layer
upper called SprintSkin,  allowing for
perfect contact with the ball.  adidas also
further improved miCoach,  an inter­
active training system which collects
and turns personal data into individual
training plans based on the user's fitness
level and specific goals.  The system is
operated with a device called miCoach
Pacer that measures heart rate,  ­ istanced
pace,  stride rate and calories burned
in real time.  All data synchronises with
the miCoach website  www, adidas, com/
miCoach where users can track their
progress,  see a detailed analysis of
their run and receive online coaching
feedback. 

adidas also extended its TECHFIT™ range
with the introduction of TECHFIT™ Tuned
Compression.  Using Seamless Melted
Yarn Technology to focus the highest level
of flexible compression on large muscle
groups,  TECHFIT™ Tuned Compression
increases the expulsion of waste (lactate
acid) to accelerate muscle recovery. 

Also,  in 2009 Reebok launched JUKARI
Fit to Fly™,  a new gym workout developed in cooperation with Cirque du
Soleil.  It uses a specially designed

­ rapeze-shaped piece of equipment
called JUKARI FlySet™ for an effective total body workout through cardiostrength,  balance and core training. 

Reebok launches EasyTone™ to
establish whole new toning category
In 2009,  Reebok launched several new
product initiatives which had an important influence on the brand's sales development,  in particular in the Women's
Fitness category.  At brand Reebok,  64%
of ordered footwear was launched in
2009 (2008: 66%).  Only 14% of ordered
footwear products were related to products introduced three or more years ago
(2008: 14%).  In 2009,  Reebok launched
the EasyTone™ shoe featuring 'moving
air" technology.  Balance pods located
in the sole of the shoe create natural
instability with each step.  The proprietary
technology was worked into the shoe
without compromising the look.  The need
to constantly rebalance weight tones the
wearer's butt and leg muscles with every
step.  Going forward,  Reebok will build
on the success of the EasyTone™ and
further expand its offering in this emerging category  see Reebok Strategy,  p.  70.  As
 result,  we expect to sell several million
pairs of toning products in 2010. 

Innovation a key success factor for
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
In the TaylorMade-adidas Golf segmentcurrent products (i, e.  products launched
in the last 18 months,  which is the typical product lifecycle in golf) represented
69% of total hardware sales in 2009
(2008: 92%).  The decline versus the prior
year is a result of higher clearance sales
to reduce excess inventory.  Products
that had been brought to market three
or more years ago accounted for 15%
(2008: 1%).  Among the highlight product
launches in 2009 was the R9™ driver
combining Movable Weight Technology™
with the new Flight Control Technology. 
This technology allows the club user
to adjust the face angle and loft of his
driver by selecting the shaft position from
eight different options.  The R9™ product
family of drivers accounted for approximately 50% of TaylorMade metalwoods
sales in 2009.  TaylorMade also launched
the Burner® family of irons designed to

­ aximise forgiveness,  speed and distance.  Inverted Cone Technology,  visible
on the back of the clubface,  promotes
faster ball speed and more distance on
off-centre hits. 

N°

Major 2009 product launches 
05

Product 
Brand 
adiPURE™ football boot
Style Essentials footwear
adidas Originals Vespa collection
TERREX outdoor footwear and apparel
adidas SLVR footwear and apparel
UEFA Champions League Finale ball
F50i football boot
adiSTAR® Salvation running shoe
Supernova™ Glide running shoe
Supernova™ Sequence 2 running shoe
adidas TECHFIT™ Tuned Compression
UEFA Champions League 09/10 season ball
2010 FIFA World Cup™ federation jerseys
2010 FIFA World Cup™ match ball
EasyTone™ training shoe
SelectRide™ running and training shoe
Reebok Cirque du Soleil collection
Premier Trinity KFS IV running shoe
Premier Verona KFS II running shoe
R9™ and R9™ TP drivers and irons
R9™ fairway woods
Rescue® 09 and Rescue® TP 09 hybrids
Burner® irons
xFT wedge
Penta TP ball
Women's & Men's FORMOTION™ and
CLIMACOOL® apparel
Women's & Men's CLIMAPROOF® Storm
Softshell jackets
Women's & Men's EZ-Tech apparel
Women's & Men's Hi-Gauge apparel
Women's & Men's Dewsweeper apparel
DresSport® 2
10K Sickick™ II stick
808 'O-Stick"
Octo Gun stick line
U+™ Pro Skate 
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
TaylorMade
TaylorMade
TaylorMade
TaylorMade
TaylorMade
TaylorMade
adidas Golf
adidas Golf
Ashworth
Ashworth
Ashworth
Rockport
Reebok Hockey
Reebok Hockey
CCM Hockey
CCM Hockey 
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Research and Development 

  95

N°

Awards 2009

06

Product 
Award 
Category 
Brand/Segment 
TERREX Mid Fast FM

Editor's Choice Award /
'Outdoor Magazin"
Plus X Award / Technology contest
Running Network / Magazine
Plus X Award / Technology contest
Golf Europe / International
Trade Fair
International Network of Golf /
Association 
Innovation 
adidas 
High Quality and Functionality
Best Performance Running Shoe
Innovation and Functionality
Technology 
adidas
adidas
Reebok
TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
Product Ingenuity 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf 
F50i
adiZero™ Aegis
EasyTone™ Go Outside
adidas TOUR360 40
Burner® irons 
Burner® irons became the number
one selling irons in the USA soon after
their launch and helped TaylorMadeadidas Golf take market leadership in
this category in the USA.  In additionTaylorMade also launched the Penta,  the
industry's first five-layer ball.  The ball
targets maximum performance for five
different kinds of shots.  Other highlight
launches included the xFT wedge with
Exchangeable Face Technology,  allowing
the user to exchange just the club face
instead of purchasing a completely new
club. 

96 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Research and Development 
Rockport defines truWALK architecture
Due to the different business model for
the Rockport brand as a leather shoe
company,  the impact from new styles
is significantly lower compared to our
other brands.  Products launched in
2009 accounted for 55% of sales (2008:
57%).  19% of sales were generated with
products introduced three or more years
ago (2008: 12%).  In 2009,  R&D efforts
concentrated on engineered comfort and
style for the metropolitan professional. 
Rockport developed a proprietary architecture called truWALK that works
with the foot's natural motion,  resulting
in a more comfortable,  energised stride. 
Using ­ diPRENE® technology by adidasa
truWALK enables a soft heel-striketransitioning to a smooth roll through the
arch,  and finishing with a forefoot flex for
­
an energised push-off that helps delay
fatigue. 
Reebok-CCM Hockey innovates
in sticks and skates
At Reebok-CCM Hockey,  products
launched in 2009 accounted for 59%
of sales in North America (2008: 31%). 
Only 10% of sales in this region were
generated with products introduced
three or more years ago (2008: 16%).  In
2009,  Reebok-CCM Hockey launched the
U+™ Crazy Light Stick made of extremely
light carbon fibre in the shaft which
reduces its weight to 405 grams.  The
stick offers more feel,  better balancequicker reaction time and faster shots. 
Also,  the U+™ Pro Reloaded Skate was
brought to market.  The skate features U
FOAM™,  which moulds perfectly to each
individual foot after being heated.  This
technology makes the skate the only
product within its industry to offer true fit
customisation. 

Ambitious 2010 R&D targets
R&D is crucial for our Group's success
as we continuously strive to meet and
exceed the expectations of our consumers and customers with respect to
technology and design.  The awards we
attained in 2009 are further proof of our
technology leadership within the sporting goods industry  see  06.  Our Group
remains committed to bringing at least
one new revolutionary technology or
groundbreaking evolution to the market
each year  see Group Strategy,  p.  52.  In
2010,  intelligent product technologies
will be at the forefront of adidas R&D
activities as we aim to position the brand
as the technology leader in this rapidly
growing category.  Reebok will expand on
the success of the toning category,  transferring its expertise to other categories
beyond Women's Fitness.  TaylorMadeadidas Golf's development efforts will
continue to reinforce industry leadership in enhancing performance through
new adjustability features.  Rockport will
focus on developing premium ­ aterials

t
­ ailored to the lifestyle of the brand's
metro­ olitan professional consumerp
in addition to further refinement of the

­ ruWALK architecture which will be
launched in fall 2010.  Reebok-CCM
Hockey will concentrate on bringing
new technologies in sticks and skates
to market that improve performance and
durability at reduced weight. 

Employees
We know that our people are crucial to our success.  Becoming the global leader in the sporting goods industry depends on the
performance,  potential,  enthusiasm and dedication of our employees.  We strive to create a working environment that stimulates
team engagement,  spirit,  passion and achievement.  We promote a performance culture based on strong leadership and therefore
link employee compensation to both Group and individual achievements.  We aim to continuously develop our employees with
opportunities for career progression,  while upholding a culture that celebrates diversity and encourages global mobility. 

Engagement drives performance
At the adidas Group,  we believe that
employee satisfaction drives commitment,  commitment drives engagementand engagement drives performance. 
Therefore,  we have defined engagement
as one of our Group's key performance
indicators for measuring our efforts
to sustain a 'performance culture".  To
capture employee perceptions,  we regularly carry out engagement surveys.  This
frequent dialogue enables management
to evaluate our progress as an employer
while also providing a framework for
external benchmarking.  Our 2008 and
2009 surveys identified areas such as
career opportunities,  leadership and recognition where employees feel our Group
could do better.  In 2009,  we invested
heavily in the follow-up work after our
surveys around the world.  Based on the
feedback received in the survey processwe created 'Result-to-Action teams"
in each business unit,  encouraging
our employees to develop targets and
projects in order to enhance the Group's
performance in the respective areas. 

This bottom-up approach should result
in appropriate actions by senior management to improve perceived discrepancies
in the future.  Additionally,  we committed
our department heads to assume responsibility for their engagement score,  with
the goal of increasing it in future surveys. 
To continue momentum in this area,  we
will launch our first truly global engagement survey in 2010. 

Internal communication crucial
for employee engagement
We believe that two-way internal communication is crucial for fostering open
collaboration between management and
employees.  In 2009,  we further developed,  aligned and consolidated internal
communication tools across our business
units.  In particular,  throughout 2009,  we
worked on reshaping our Group intranet
platform,  basing it on Web 20 technologies with two-way communication
channels.  The new intranet encourages
our employees to exchange ideas,  share
their knowledge,  collaborate as well as
discuss current topics.  We established an
adidas Group Wiki,  where every employee
can actively participate by creating new
articles and editing all other articles. 

In parallel,  we switched all major pages
to internal blogs,  for a faster,  more efficient and participatory conversation with
our employees.  The blogs enable every
employee to comment on the communicated topics. 
We also offer our employees the
opportunity to exchange ideas directly
with senior management and raise
questions also anonymously via our
intranet through our 'Ask the Management" application. 
In 2010,  we will also introduce an
ideas forum for the adidas Group,  where
employees receive recognition for top
ideas,  and are involved in the implementation process. 
Complementing our web-based
communication tools,  we regularly hold
all-employee meetings at our major
locations around the world where staff
have the opportunity to openly share their
views with senior management including the Executive Board and gain an
overview of current and future business
developments. 

Three-pillar human resources
strategy
We strive to have the right team in place by focusing our
activities on the implementation and execution of our
Group's human resources strategy,  which is based on three
pillars:

 reating a working environment that stimulates team
spirit,  passion,  engagement and achievement
 see 'Engagement drives performance",  p.  97
  ee 'Internal communication crucial for employee ­

engagement",  p.  97


 xpanding our performance culture based upon strong
leadership
 see 'Fit for today and tomorrow",  p.  98
 see 'Performance-driven remuneration system",  p.  98


 eing an 'Employer of Choice"
 see 'Creating an attractive and diverse work environment",  p.  99

Measures taken in order to implement our strategy are
explained in the text sections referred to above. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Employees 

  97

Fit for today and tomorrow
To reach their personal best,  our Group's
employees are offered training to build on
their strengths,  improve their technique
and overcome their own challenges.  In
this process,  joining individual aspirations to our organisational needs is the
highest priority.  Our 'Competency Model"
defines a set of competencies to ensure
consistent and transparent performance,  talent and succession management.  We focus our efforts on three key

­ uccess drivers  see   01. 
Performance Management: Our global
PEP (Performance Evaluation and Planning) tool enables us to measure all our
employees against the required competencies of their job level and their
performance,  but also to set individual
business targets and plan appropriate
­
training and development activities
as necessary.  PEP is used in business
units of the adidas Group and the online
PEP has a coverage of 56%.  The target
for 2010 is to reach an online ­ overage

of 70% Group-wide.  Furthermore,  we
offer targeted training under our 'Fit for
Today" programme (behavioural and
managerial ­ raining) for ­ndividuals on

i
all levels of the ­ rganisation and we supo
­
port other team performance-enhancing
activities. 

98 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Employees 
Talent Management: With specifically
designed talent management tools
and processes,  we identify employees
at all levels of our Group who have the
potential to become future leaders in
our organisation.  Actively managing our
internal talent pool contributes to our
competitive position and ensures that we
are 'fit for tomorrow".  In order to prepare
employees for new and more complex
future roles,  they participate in targeted
development programmes for various
levels within the organisation  see   02:
   xecutive Development Programme

(EDP): A centrally managed crossbrand and cross-functional programme for employees Group-wide
who show potential for the Executive
Level. 
   anagement Development ProM
gramme (MDP): Run decentrally by
our local market organisations,  this
programme is tailored for employees
from different functional areas and
brands who show potential for the
management level. 
   usiness Management Programme

(BMP): A 24-month international
cross-functional and cross-brand programme aiming at attracting professionals with MBA degrees and three to
five years' work experience to prepare
them for future management positions within our Group.  At year-end
2009,  five employees were participating in the BMP globally (2008: 7). 

   unctional Trainee Programme (FTP):

A 12- to 18-month programme giving
graduates with international backgrounds and excellent educational
credentials the opportunity to start
 functional career with the adidas
Group.  The programme comprises six
three-month assignments in varying
departments.  At least one of these
assignments takes place abroad.  At
year-end 2009,  we employed 39 participants in our global FTP (2008: 29). 
Succession Management: We have a
Group-wide succession management
system in place that helps us identifymanage and develop internal talents and
successors for management and executive positions.  The succession management process is supported by a system
solution called 'Horizon".  This database
hosts position and employee data related
to performance,  potential,  career aspirations,  mobility,  etc.  Senior management
regularly discusses the current succession situation of their respective departments and identifies key players and
talents that are designated or potential
successors for all positions from Director
level.  Our system solution is applied in
53% of the adidas Group business units. 
The target for 2010 is to reach an online
coverage of 70% Group-wide. 

Our 'Fit For Tomorrow" programmes
are complemented by apprenticeship
and internship programmes.  The adidas
Group apprenticeship offers young people
who want to join our Group straight out
of school the opportunity to gain business experience in a three-year rotation
programme.  The programme includes
vocational training in retail,  industrial
management and IT as well as integrated study programmes.  At the end
of 2009,  we employed 58 apprentices in
Germany (2008: 54).  Our global internship programme gives students three to
six months' work experience within the

­ didas Group.  For 'best-of-class" internswe successfully continued our 'ReBound"
programme to remain in close contact
with them after their internship and foster potential future employment.  At the
end of 2009,  we employed 331 interns in
Germany (2008: 396). 

Performance-driven
remuneration system
We are committed to rewarding our
employees with effective compensation
and benefit programmes that are competitive in the marketplace.  Remuneration throughout the Group comprises
fixed and variable monetary compensation,  non-monetary rewards,  as well as
other intangible benefits.  The cornerstone of our rewards programme is
our Global Salary Management ­ ystem

(GSMS).  It is used as a basis to set
the value of employees' positions and
salaries in a clear,  market-driven and

­ erformance-oriented way. 

01

er
sh
ip 
ex
ce
 
le
 
ce 
Succession
management 

ce
ex 
Performance
management 
ce 
Le 
ad 
Actual
performance 

le 
Additional compensation components:
For senior management and Executive
Board members we offer Long-Term
Incentive Programmes (LTIP).  Other
benefits include our 401-K pension plans
in the USA and the adidas Group pension
plan for our employees in Germany.  In
2009,  1896 employees (2008: 1712) participated in the latter,  which represents
an increase of 11% compared to the
previous year. 

Challenges in human resources
management
The current economic market environment also put pressure on our Group as
an employer.  We launched an 'InvestDivest Programme" in 2009,  proactively
tackling the current challenges.  We
streamlined our business processesreviewed organisational efficiency and
maintained a function-related hiring and
salary freeze.  Vacancies through attrition
were mainly replaced by internal applicants,  in particular in the HQ functions
and the Wholesale segment of our global
business.  We will continue to 'run a tight
ship" with regard to hiring,  compensation and travel throughout 2010,  but will
keep investing in our quest to become
the employer of choice.  To this end,  we
will further build our internal and external talent and succession management
platforms. 

N°

Success drivers for performance 
ip
sh
er 
Profit sharing: For employees at our
Group headquarters and our other
locations in Germany who do not participate in the 'Pay for Performance"

­ rogramme,  we have introduced a
'Champions Bonus". 

Creating an attractive and diverse
work environment
As a truly global company,  diversity is one
of our Group's core values.  We believe
that the diversity of our workforce helps
us to sustain a competitive advantage. 
As part of our training and development
programme,  for example,  we offer specific modules on diversity management. 
This helps us to ensure our company's
success and stability.  The high degree of
diversity is also reflected in our workforce.  At our corporate headquarters,  for
example,  we have employees from more
than 50 countries. 
We also aim to harmonise the
commercial interests of the adidas Group
with the private and family needs of
our employees.  Our work-life balance
programme includes family-oriented

­ ervices,  flexible work time and placepeople development and leadership competence related to work-life balance. 
In addition,  we offer our employees
 wide range of sports activities at our
major sites.  Employees in Herzogen­
aurach,  Portland and Canton and at other
subsidiaries have access to a company
gym. 

Our Company Sports department in
Herzogenaurach also organises various sports activities such as mountain
biking,  kayaking or ski tours.  Special
events such as a one-week sports camp
for employees' children,  trans-alpine
mountain bike tours and the annual
Berlin Marathon weekend (with a suitable
training programme prior to the event)
are also available.  In 2009,  the Company
Sports department in Germany offered
about 160 courses and more than 20
events which were attended by more than
3000 participants (2008: 2800). 

ad 
Bonus programme: In order to allow
our employees to participate in the
Group's success and to reward them
for the achievement of their targetsthe adidas Group has implemented a
global bonus programme called 'Pay
for ­ erformance".  This bonus proP
gramme combines individual performance (­ easured in the PEP process) and

corporate performance (actual financial
results measured against Group,  branddivision and/or business unit targets). 

Other Group subsidiaries also grant a
variety of additional benefits to employees depending on locally defined practices and country-specific norms. 

Le 
GSMS provides the global framework
for managing base compensation in the
adidas Group and for making performance-related base salary adjustments. 
In addition to a fixed base salary,  we also
offer our employees various variable
compen­ ation components. 
 
Talent
management 
Performance culture 
N°

Development and Training Framework 
Training
Fit for Today 
02

Talent Development
Fit for Tomorrow 
Executive offerings 
Executive
Advanced management training 
Management Development Programme (MDP)

Manager
Basic management
training 
Professional 
Executive Development
Programme (EDP)

Professional
training 
Business Management
Programme (BMP)
Functional Trainee

­ rogramme (FTP)

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Employees 

  99

N°

Employees by segment 
4% Other Businesses 

adidas Group number of employees 1)

03
  50% Retail 
2005 2)
2006 3)
2007
2008
2009

12% Wholesale 

34%  eadquarter 

functions 1)

23% Western Europe 

04

26376
31344
38982
39596

N°

Number of employees 1)

  31%  uropean Emerging


07
2009

Markets 
2008

Employees 3)

Wholesale
Retail
Other Businesses
Headquarter functions 2)
Total 
  25% North America 
N°

Employees by function 
05

in %
2009

2008

Own retail................................................................. 51

47

Sales. ....................................................................... 10

11

Logistics................................................................... 13
Marketing..................................................................  9
Central functions & administration. ........................  8
Production. ...............................................................  5
Research & development.........................................  2
IT...............................................................................  2

14

Total 
38982

100 

15935

N°

Employees by region 
7% Latin America 
8% Greater China 

06

1) At year-end. 
2) Reflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon 
business segment. 
3) Including Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

1)  ncludes Global Marketing,  Global Operations,  Global Corporate Services

(e.g.  Legal,  Finance,  HR). 

6% Other Asian Markets 

N°

39596


9

3


  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Employees 
Full-time
equivalents 4)

Employees 3)

Full-time
equivalents 4)

4881
19599
1569
13547
39596

4662
15252
1502
13022
34437

5303
17614
1694
14370
38982

5133
15168
1679
13996
35977

1) At year-end. 

2) Includes Global Marketing,  Global Operations,  Global Corporate Services 
(e.g.  Legal,  Finance,  HR). 
3) Number of employees on a headcount basis. 

4) Number of employees on a full-time equivalent basis.  Due to the high share of 
part-time employees in our Retail segment,  this figure is lower than the number
of employees counted on a headcount basis. 
Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

With regard to people management,  we
kept on and will keep on investing in our
employer branding,  talent management
and trainee programmes in order to continue to build the future talent pipeline. 
Although we benefit from our excellent
reputation,  a key tenet of our strategy
is to continuously refine our ­ randing

as an employer of choice.  Recent
employer branding rankings showed
that the ­ didas Group is one of the leada
ing employers for school leavers and
students/graduates.  In order to further
strengthen this position,  we continued
to push our activities at schools and universities throughout 2009.  By partnering
with select universities around the globewe strive to foster our strong employer
image through direct contact with top
graduates.  We continued to build upon
our 'key university strategy roll-out" in
2009,  where members of the Executive
Board and other senior executives of the
Group shared their business insights at
13 top universities worldwide.  When it
comes to highly qualified personnel,  the
adidas Group faces increasing competition in the international labour market. 
We will continue to tackle this challenge
with innovative programmes. 

Global employee base
continues to grow
On December 31,  2009,  the Group had
39596 employees,  which represents an
increase of 2% versus 38982 in the previous year.  This development is primarily
related to new employees in the Retail
segment,  mainly on a part-time basis.  On
 full-time equivalent basis,  our Group
had 34437 employees on December
31,  2009 (2008: 35977).  Due to the high
share of employees working on a parttime basis in the Retail segment,  this
figure is lower than the figure reported
on a headcount basis  see   07. 
Personnel expenses increased 5%
to € 1352 billion in 2009 from € 1283
billion in 2008  see Note 31,  p.  201,  representing 31% of the Group's total operating expenses (2008: 30%) and 13% of
Group sales (2008: 12%). 

Emerging markets and own retail
drive employee growth
The number of employees working in
the Wholesale segment decreased 8%
to 4881 at the end of 2009 (2008: 5303)mainly due to the effects of reorgani­ ation

initiatives and the implementation of a
hiring freeze for all non-retail-related
functions.  Staff in our Retail segment
increased 11% due to the expansion of
own-retail activities in emerging markets. 
Hence,  the Retail segment comprised
19599 ­ mployees at year-end (2008:

17614).  In Other Businesses,  the number
of ­ mployees decreased by 7% to 1569

(2008: 1694),  primarily due to the effects
of reorganisation initiatives as well as the
implementation of a hiring freeze for all
non-retail-related functions.  The number
of employees working in our head­ uarter

functions decreased by 6% to 13547
(2008: 14370).  This development reflects
the implementation of a ­ iring freeze for

all non-retail-related functions in 2009. 

At the end of 2009,  23% of our Group's
staff were employed in Western Europe
(2008: 24%),  31% in European Emerging
Markets (2008: 28%),  25% in North
America (2008: 28%),  8% in Greater China
(2008: 9%),  6% in Other Asian Markets
(2008: 6%) and 7% in Latin America
(2008: 6%).  As a global company with
less than 10% of our employees located
in Germany,  we actively encourage
global mobility and offer our employees
the opportunity to go on international
assignments.  To support relocating
professionals and their families in new
living and working environments,  we
provide,  for example,  relevant language
and cultural training. 

Key employee statistics 2009

N°

08

Total number of employees
Total employees (in %)
  Male
  Female
Management positions (in %)
  Male
  Female
Average age of employees (in years) 1)
Average length of service (in years)
Annual training hours by employee (in hours)

39596
50%
50%
69%
31%
31

7

1)  t year-end. 


GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    OUR GROUP    Employees 

  101

Sustainability
The adidas Group is accountable and responsible for developing and implementing sustainable business practices that adhere to
our operational needs as well as our social and environmental obligations.  As a consequence,  we continuously engage with our
various stakeholders in a collaborative way with the goal of enhancing the social and environmental performance of our Group. 
We believe that acting as good corporate citizens will improve our corporate reputation and hence our economic value. 

More Information online
Read more about:
 
Sustainability targets and progress
 
Stakeholder engagement
 
The 'Better Place" programme
 
Performance data
in our 2009 Social and Environmental Online Report and
on our website at www, adidas-Group, com/sustainability. 

102 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Sustainability 
Engaging our stakeholders
At the adidas Group,  we pursue a policy
of open dialogue with numerous stakeholders,  involving them in key social
and environmental decisions that shape
day-to-day operations.  Through in-depth
engagement with,  for example,  the Better
Cotton Initiative and the AFIRM Working Group,  we work closely with leading
companies from a variety of sectors to
develop sustainable business approaches
and to debate social and environmental
topics on a global level.  This is also supported by our membership in organisations such as the World Business Council
for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)the World Federation of the Sporting
Goods Industry (WFSGI),  the Fair Factories Clearinghouse (FFC) and the Fair
Labor Association (FLA).  In addition,  we
recognise that open and honest communication enhances the transparency of
our business and demonstrates our commitment to being accountable.  Comprehensive information on the Group's sustainability programme is provided in our
2009 Social and Environmental Online
Report on our website www, adidas-Group. 
com/sustainability. 

Workplace Standards set rules
in the supply chain
Covering health and safety,  labour rights
and environmental protection at our own
sites and our suppliers' factories is of
highest importance to us.  Therefore,  we
have defined rules or standards by our
own corporate values as well as by what
society expects of global businesses.  We
have condensed our rules into a supplier
code of conduct that we call our 'Workplace Standards". 
These Standards help us select
manufacturing partners and serve as
guiding principles in the early identification and treatment of potential issues of
concern at our suppliers' sites.  To illustrate how suppliers should implement
the Standards,  we have created a set of
guidelines for use in factory settingswhich are updated on a regular basis
by our Social and Environmental Affairs
(SEA) team.  The guidelines are also used
to determine suppliers' compliance with
our Standards and to advise and train our
suppliers in improving their social and
environmental performance.  They are
based on International Labour Organization (ILO) and UN conventions relating to
human rights and employment practicesand they follow the WFSGI model code of
conduct. 

Our Workplace Standards contain clear
rules of conduct regarding:
 
Environmentally sound,  safe and
healthy working conditions. 
 
Fair wages and benefits. 
 
Freedom of association. 
 
Prohibition of excessive overtimeforced and child labour. 
 
Protection against harassment and
discrimination. 

Careful supplier selection
To improve working conditions throughout our supply chain,  our Group SEA
team works closely with the Global
Operations function on supplier selection. 
The SEA team assesses all potential new

­ uppliers and orders can only be placed
with a new supplier when SEA approval
has been granted. 

Encouraging self-governance
Good management systems help factories
improve their day-to-day operations
and support the process of internalisation and self-governance.  Thereforewe support our core business partners
in establishing management systems
with internationally recognised standards such as ISO 14001 for environmental management.  By running a certified
management system,  our suppliers demonstrate commitment to continuously
enhancing their performance.  We help
them build or improve human resources
systems to maintain proper working
conditions,  including factory grievance
systems to routinely find and fix noncompliance issues.  Further,  by enforcing
employment standards at the sites of our
manufacturing suppliers,  we empower
workers to protect their own rights and
take an active role in decision-making.  In
2009,  our Group's supply base included
19 athletic footwear suppliers' factorieswhich were OHSAS 18000 and/or ISO
14001 certified.  These factories produced
around 82% of our footwear ­ ourcing

v
­ olume.  The remaining 18% of our footwear sourcing volume is produced in
factories that have management systems
in place but have not been certified.  All
footwear factories are regularly assessed
against the adidas Group's standards
regarding environment and workplace
health and safety. 

Training to achieve sustainable
compliance
To achieve long-term sustainable compliance in the supply chain,  we consider
training even more important than
monitoring and policing factories.  Our
SEA team offers specific training courses
and workshops for factory supervisors
and managers to help them apply our
Standards and implement best practices. 
These workshops include,  for exampleintroductory training on our Workplace
Standards and SEA operating guidelinesdetailed training on effective healthsafety and environmental practices as
well as training in the correct application
of rating and compliance planning tools
and supplier self-assessment methods. 
Further,  we promote the establishment
of sustainable structures that actively
involve workers and management of our
suppliers as well as local employee associations and non-governmental organisations (NGOs).  The team also organises
workshops for licensees,  agents and
adidas Group business entities in order
to build personnel capacities throughout our company.  In this way,  acceptable
working conditions become a routine part
of business activities.  In 2009,  the SEA
team conducted 216 training sessions
and workshops (2008: 251). 

Monitoring through factory inspections
The SEA team assesses compliance with
our Workplace Standards by means of
factory inspections.  Our auditors check
performance against a customised risk
list for each factory that is monitored. 
The methodology is linked to a factory
rating which measures the effectiveness
of compliance systems and the work of
their administrators.  This enables us to
precisely determine training needs at
our suppliers' factories.  During 2009we conducted 1592 factory visits (2008:
1323 visits) involving management and
worker interviews,  document reviewfacility inspections and training sessions
at different levels in our supply chain
 see   01.  In addition to our own
monitoring activities,  we value
independent assessment by third
parties to demonstrate the credibility of
and provide verified information about
our programme to stakeholders.  As a
member of the Fair Labor Association
(FLA),  the adidas Group is subject to
external assessment by independent
monitors,  participation in the FLA
third-party complaint system and public
reporting.  In 2008,  the monitoring
­
programme of the adidas Group was
re-accredited by the FLA for a period
of two years.  This decision was based
on independent factory monitoring and
verification reports of supplier facilitiesand a thorough audit of monitoring
protocols,  training programmes and
auditing systems.  Since joining the FLAmore than 240 Independent External

­ onitoring (IEM) audits and verification
visits have been conducted at adidas
Group suppliers. 

N°

Number of factory visits 
2005 1)
2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

01
916
1101
1007
1323
1592

1) Including Salomon. 
2)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Sustainability 

  103

volatile organic compounds Consumption 1)
in grams per pair of shoes produced
1999

2000

2001

2002

2003

2004

2005

2006

N°

02
2007

2008

120
80
40

1) At year-end. 

2009

Warning-letter system to
enforce compliance
We strongly believe in a partnership
approach.  Where a manufacturing

­ upplier is performing poorly in terms
of Workplace Standards compliance,  we
will work closely with them to find solutions.  However,  when we find ongoing
and serious instances of non-compliance
and a lack of commitment from factory
management to address the issues,  we
send out a formal warning letter including a notification to factory management
that their business relationship with the

­ didas Group is in jeopardy.  Three warning letters will usually result in a recommendation to terminate.  We see termination of business relationships as a last
resort.  Whenever possible,  we prefer to
stay in partnership and work from the
inside to help encourage factory improvements.  In 2009,  we terminated our business relationship with 9 suppliers for
­
compliance reasons (2008: 2). 
System-based approach to managing
environmental impacts
With a system-based approach,  we strive
to manage environmental impacts in our
own production facilities and throughout our supply chain.  Activities focus
on helping suppliers establish sound
environmental management systems to
best reduce their negative environmental impacts.  We develop guidelines and
training programmes for our suppliersusing the environmental performance of
our own production sites as examples of
best practice. 

104 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Sustainability 
We have mandated the implementation of
environmental management systems at
our core suppliers to ensure continuous
monitoring and improvements.  The major
part of the environmental footprint from
our products is predetermined through
decisions made in the product creationdesign and development stages.  In our
product creation process,  we focus on
improving materials in our products and
on tackling pollution in factories.  Our
goal is to eliminate polluting materials
­
and processes and to increasingly utilise

­ ustainable materials instead. 

Control and monitoring of
restricted substances
Restricted substances are those that
cause harm or are suspected to cause
harm to human health or the environment.  Our suppliers are required to avoid
using restricted substances.  We have
specified clear standards that follow the
strictest local regulations and best practice standards for consumer care and
safety in the Group's policy for monitoring and control of hazardous substances. 
This policy is mandatory for all business
partners and is updated regularly based
on findings in our ongoing dialogue with
scientific organisations.  Our standards
cover the general requirements for ecolabels and green seals (e.g.  ÖKO-Tex
Standard 100,  Tox Proof TÜV Rhinelandetc. ) for footwear,  apparel and hardware
products.  Both our own quality assurance laboratories and external testing
institutes are used to constantly monitor
material samples to ensure supplier
compliance with these requirements. 
Materials that do not meet our standards
and specifications are rejected. 

Reducing VOC emissions
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs)which are typically found in solvents
used in our manufacturing process,  can
cause breathing difficulties and other
health problems for production workers. 
Therefore,  we are committed to reducing
VOC emissions in our suppliers' footwear
factories to an average VOC emission of
20 grams per pair of shoes.  Our efforts
reflect the technical synergies of sharing
information,  data and sources on production questions such as water-based
cement systems.  At our core athletic
footwear suppliers we measure ­ xposure

to such emissions,  and the records taken
provide evidence that workers are not
being exposed to dangerous levels of
VOCs.  Our athletic footwear suppliers in
Asia and Europe have reduced VOC emissions from 130 grams per pair in 1999 to
226 grams per pair in 2009  see   02. 

Tackling climate change
Tackling climate change poses a number
of challenges for our company and our
manufacturing partners.  We have analysed the environmental footprint of our
business operations and have focused
our efforts on three primary areas: our
products,  our ­ upply chain and our own

sites.  A range of activities have been
implemented to reduce our own carbon
footprint.  Examples of this are in the
areas of transportation and energy use. 
In the transportation of our productsour policy is to minimise the impacts,  in
particular from air freight shipmentsthrough improved order and production
planning tools.  With regard to energy
use,  we are implementing environmental management systems at our major
sites.  Furthermore,  we have continued
with providing energy workshops for our
manufacturing suppliers and are now
extending our engagement to support
our suppliers to ensure that they achieve
measurable results for energy savings. 
In addition,  at the end of 2008,  we
started the 'Green Company" initiative
to further expand our environmental
initiatives throughout all of our operations.  The initiative aims at providing the
supporting framework,  guidance and
communication platform in order to help
all Group entities improve their environmental footprint by:
 
Embedding environmental best practice in all business operations. 
 
Maximising environmental efficiency
gains. 
   upporting and utilising our

e
­ mployees' passion for a greener
planet. 

In 2009,  following a comprehensive
assessment of major sites,  'Green
Company" targets were set for the years
2010 – 2015.  They encompass targets
related to savings in energy use,  carbon emissions,  water usage and paper. 
Further targets have been specified for
waste,  purchasing practices and mobility
management. 

Environmentally optimised
product concepts
Through the efficient use of resources
in the design and selection of materialswe strive to minimise the environmental
impact of our products without compromising function and quality.  In this
respect,  our adidas Sport Performance
division has initiated a programme called
'Better Place",  a horizontal concept
featuring selected performance products
with environmentally optimised materials
from all categories.  adidas 'Better Place"
products were first introduced globally
in spring/summer 2009.  The ­ roducts

f
­ eature environmental design,  construction,  material composition and packaging
that distinguish them as environmentally
sustainable products.  All materials that
are used for 'Better Place" have to pass
an in-depth assessment.  For exampleone of the fibres adidas already accepts
is recycled polyester.  Using recycled polyester helps to protect the environment as
it saves energy and also uses waste that
would otherwise have been burned or
buried in a landfill. 

More information regarding other fibres
adidas includes under the 'Better Place"
programme such as Tencel,  organic
cotton,  recycled fibres can be found on
the programme's website www, adidas. 
com/better-place. 
The quantity of 'Better Place" products
sold in 2009 has significantly exceeded
expectations,  albeit from a small leveland has provided a strong base to continue growing our sustainable business
initiatives.  With all sports categories

­ articipating in the programme we will
move forward with more ambitious plans
in the build-up to the 2012 Olympic
Games in London. 

adidas AG in sustainability indices
 
DJSI World (DJSI  Dow Jones ­ ustainability Index)

 
DJSI STOXX
 
DJSI EURO STOXX
 
FTSE4Good Europe Index
 
ASPI Eurozone Index
 
Ethibel Index Excellence Europe
 
ECPI Ethibel Index EMU
see Our Share,  p.  42. 

Strong sustainability track record
reflected in index memberships
Interest from the financial community
in sustainability management is steadily increasing.  We appreciate positive
recognition from international institutions and rating agencies,  NGOs and
socially responsible investment (SRI)

­ nalysts.  Each year,  we respond to
various comprehensive enquiries from
socially responsible investors,  fund
managers and financial analysts.  They
evaluate our efforts through in-depth
analysis of our social and environmental
programme,  including document review
as well as interviews with employees and
management.  As a result,  adidas AG has
been included in a variety of high-profile
sustainability indices  see  'adidas AG in
Sustainability Indices". 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT OUR GROUP    Sustainability 

  105

RBK 9K Pump™
The RBK 9K Pump™ skates are also known
as 'Sidney's Skates".  Featuring the innovative Pump™ technology,  they give the
player customised fit.  They additionally
offer secureness due to the incorporated

­ kateLock™,  which tightens the top three
eyelets independently of the forefoot.  To
keep the foot dry,  the skates contain a

­ ri-Lex™ liner and a Griptonite™ footbed. 
­

20
09
Sidney
Crosby
USA

03

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT FINANCIAL Review 
Internal Group Management System  108
Group Business Performance  112
Economic and Sector Development  112
Income Statement  115
Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Statement  122
Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 of the
  German Commercial Code  125
Treasury  128
Business Performance by Segment
Business Performance Retail  134
Business Performance Other Businesses  137
Risk and Opportunity Report  140
Subsequent Events and Outlook  156

 DETROIT/MICHIGAN,  USA June 12,  2009
It's an exciting game.  The Pittsburgh Penguins are
up against the defending champion Detroit Red
Wings.  Sidney Crosby is the Penguins' captain.  He
is determined to win.  He fights and finally makes
his dream come true 2-1.  Crosby is the youngest
captain in NHL history to lead his team to victory in
the Stanley Cup.  A thrilled Crosby just cannot let goand takes the Cup with him to bed. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Overview 

  107

03
Group Management Report –
Financial Review 
Business Performance Wholesale  132

Internal Group Management System
The principal financial goal for increasing shareholder value at the adidas Group is maximising operating cash flow.  We strive
to achieve this goal by continually improving our top- and bottom-line performance while at the same time optimising the use
of invested capital.  Our Group's planning and controlling system is therefore designed to provide a variety of tools to assess
our current performance and to align future strategic and investment decisions to best utilise commercial and organisational
opportunities. 

Operating Cash flow Components 
N°

01

Operating profit
Operating working capital
Net re-investments 1)
1) Capital expenditure less depreciation and amortisation. 

108 

Operating
cash flow 
Operating cash flow as Internal Group
Management focus
The cornerstone of our Group's Internal
­
Management System is our focus on
operating cash flow,  which we believe
is the most important driver to increase
shareholder value.  Operating cash
flow is comprised of operating profitchange in operating working capital
and net re-investments (capital expenditure less depreciation and amortisation)
 see   01.  To maximise operating cash
flow generation across our organisationmanagement of our operating segments
and management at market level have
direct responsibility for improving operating profit as well as optimising operating
working capital and capital expenditure. 
To keep senior management focused on
long-term performance improvementsa portion of the responsible managers'
­
total compensation is variable and
linked to Group specific targets,  as well
as relevant KPIs related to the respective
­
performance of their operating unit. 
These include targets related to items
such as net sales,  gross margin,  marketing working budget,  operating profitoperating working capital and net debt
development. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Internal Group Management System 
Operating margin as key performance
indicator of operational progress
Operating margin (defined as ­ perating

profit as a percentage of net sales) is our
Group's most important measure of operational success.  It highlights the quality
of our top line and operational efficiency. 
The primary drivers central to enhancing
operating margin are:
 
Sales and gross margin development:
Management focuses on identifying
and exploiting opportunities that not
only provide for future growth,  but
also have potential to increase gross
margin (defined as gross profit as a
percentage of net sales).  Major levers
for enhancing our Group's sales and
gross margin include optimising our
product mix,  increasing the ­ uality

of distribution – with a particular
focus on controlled space – as well
as supply chain efficiency initiatives­
and the minimisation of clearance
activities. 

 
Operating expense control: We put
high emphasis on tightly controlling
operating expenses to leverage the
Group's sales growth through to the
bottom line.  This requires a particular focus on ensuring flexibility in the
Group's cost base.  Marketing working budget is our largest operating
expense.  It is one of the most important mechanisms for driving top-line
growth.  Therefore,  we are committed
to improving the utilisation of our
marketing expenditure.  This includes
concentrating our communication
efforts (including advertising,  retail
presentation and public relations) on
key global brand initiatives and focusing our promotion spend on wellselected partnerships with top eventsleagues,  clubs and athletes.  We also
aim to increase operational ­ fficiency

and reduce operating overhead
expenses as a percentage of sales.  In
this respect we constantly review our
operational structure ­ treamlining

business processes,  eliminating
redundancies and leveraging the scale
of our organisation.  These measures
may also be supplemented by shortterm initiatives such as temporarily
curtailing operational investments,  for
example staff hiring. 

We strive to maximise revenues and
minimise costs by detailed target settingand we constantly monitor deviations in
rolling forecasts on a monthly basis.  If
necessary,  action plans are implemented
to optimise the development of the
Group's operating performance. 

Optimisation of non-operating
components
Our Group also puts a high priority on the
optimisation of non-operating compon­
ents such as financial expenses and
taxes,  as these items strongly impact
the Group's cash outflows and therefore the Group's free cash flow.  Financial expenses are managed centrally by
our Group Treasury department  see
­Treasury,  p.  128.  The Group's current and
future tax expenditure is optimised

­ lobally by our Group Taxes department. 
Tight operating working capital
management
Due to a comparatively low level of fixed
assets required in our business,  the
efficiency of the Group's balance sheet
depends to a large degree on our operating working capital management.  Our
key metric is operating working capital
as a percentage of net sales.  Monitoring the development of this key ­ etric

facilitates the measurement of our
progress in improving the efficiency of
our business cycle.  We have significantly
enhanced operating working capital
management over recent years through
continuous improvement of our Group's
inventories,  accounts receivable and
accounts payable. 

We strive to manage our inventory levels
to meet market demand and ensure fast
replenishment.  Inventory ageing is controlled to reduce inventory obsolescence
and to optimise clearance activities.  As
 result,  stock turn development is the
key performance indicator as it measures
the number of times average inventory
is sold during a year,  highlighting the
efficiency of capital locked up in products
in relation to our Group's business.  To
minimise capital tied up in accounts
receivable,  we strive to improve collection efforts in order to reduce the Days of
Sales Outstanding (DSO) and improve the
ageing of accounts receivable.  Likewisewe strive to optimise payment terms
with our suppliers to best manage our
accounts payable. 

Capital expenditure targeted to
maximise future returns
Improving the effectiveness of the
Group's capital expenditure is another
lever to maximise the Group's operating cash flow.  Our capital expenditure is
controlled with a top-down,  bottom-up
approach: In a first step,  Group Management defines focus areas and an overall
investment budget based on investment
requests from various functions of the
organisation.  Our operating units then
align their initiatives within the scope of
assigned priorities and available budget. 
We evaluate potential return on planned
investments utilising the net present
value.  Risk is accounted for,  ­ dding a

risk premium to the cost of capital and
decreasing future revenue streams
where appropriate.  By means of scenario
planning,  the ­ ensitivity of investment

returns is tested against changes in
initial assumptions.  For large investment
projects,  timelines and deviations versus
budget are monitored on a monthly basis
throughout the course of the project. 

N°

Key financial metrics 
02

Gross margin 
Operating margin 
Gross profit 




Average operating
working capital 


Operating working capital
in % of net sales 


Operating profit
Net sales 
× 100

× 100

Sum of operating working
capital at quarter-end


Average operating
working capital 


Capital expenditure 1)

Net sales 
Net sales 
× 100

Additions of propertyplant and equipment plus
intangible assets 
1) Excluding acquisitions and finance leases. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Internal Group Management System 

  109

N°

adidas Group targets versus actual key metrics 
03

2008
Actual 
2009
Actual 
2010
Targets 
9%

Sales 
2009
Initial outlook 1)

(6%)

487%

low- to mid-single-digit
decline
decline 
454%

low- to mid-single-digit
increase
46 – 47%

405%
99%
307
245%

increase
decline
decline
further reduction 
423%
49%
122
243%

moderate decline
around 65%
190 to 215
further reduction 
380
2189

300 – 400
reduction 
240
917

300 – 400
further reduction 
(year-over-year change,  currency-neutral)

Gross margin
Other operating expenses (in % of sales)
Operating margin
(Diluted) earnings per share (in €)
Average operating working capital
(in % of net sales)

Capital expenditure (€ in millions) 2)
Net debt (€ in millions)

1) As stated in the 2008 Annual Report,  published on March 4,  2009.  The outlook was updated over the course of the year. 
2) Excluding acquisitions and finance leases. 

110 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Internal Group Management System 
M&A activities focus on long-term
value creation potential
We see the majority of our Group's future
growth opportunities in our organic business.  However,  as part of our commitment to ensuring sustainable profitable
development we regularly review merger
and acquisition options that may provide additional commercial and operational opportunities.  Acquisitive growth
focus is primarily related to improving
our Group's positioning within a sports
category,  strengthening our technology
portfolio or addressing new consumer
segments. 
The strategies of any potential
acquisition candidate must correspond
with the Group's direction.  Maximising
return on invested capital above the
cost of capital in the long term is a core

­ onsideration in our decision-making
process.  Of particular importance is
evaluating the potential impact on our
Group's free cash flow.  We assess ­ urrent

and future projected key financial ­ etrics

to evaluate a target's contribution potential.  In addition,  careful consideration
is given to potential financing needs and
their impact on the Group's financial
leverage. 

Cost of capital metric used to measure
investment potential
Creating value for our shareholders
by earning a return on invested capital
above the cost of that capital is a guiding principle of our Group strategy.  We
source capital from equity and debt
markets.  Therefore,  we have a responsibility that our return on capital meets the
expectations of both equity ­ hareholders

and creditors.  Our Group calculates the
cost of capital utilising the weighted
average cost of capital (WACC) formula. 
This metric allows us to calculate the
minimum required financial returns of
planned capital investments.  The cost of
equity is computed utilising the risk-free
rate,  market risk premium and beta.  Cost
of debt is calculated using the risk-free
rate,  credit spread and average tax rate. 

Structured performance
measurement system
Our Group has developed an extensive
performance measurement systemwhich utilises a variety of tools to measure the performance of the adidas Group. 
The Group's key financial metrics are
monitored and compared against budget
on a monthly basis.  Focus is on operating cash flow,  sales,  operating marginoperating working capital and net debt
development.  When negative deviations
exist between actual and target numbers,  we perform a detailed analysis to
identify and address the cause.  We also
benchmark our Group's financial results
with those of our major competitors on a
quarterly basis.  To assess current sales
and profitability development,  Management analyses sell-through information
from our own retail distribution as well
as short-term replenishment orders
from retailers.  Taking into account yearto-date performance as well as opportunities and risks,  the Group's full year
financial performance is forecasted on a
quarterly basis. 

In this respect,  backlogs comprising
orders received up to nine months in
advance of the actual sale are used as
an indicator.  However,  due to the growing share of own retail in our business
mix as well as fluctuating order patterns
among our wholesale partners,  our order
books are less indicative of anticipated
revenues compared to the past.  As a
result of the growing share of at-once
business,  qualitative feedback from our
retail partners on the success of our collections at the point of sale is becoming
even more important.  As an early indicator for future performance,  we also conduct market research to measure brand
appeal,  brand awareness and resulting
purchase intent. 

Management appraisal of
performance and targets
We communicate our Group's financial
­
targets on an annual basis.  We also
provide updates throughout the year as
appropriate.  In 2009,  Group sales and
net income declined as forecasted at the
beginning of the year.  While Group and
adidas sales declined at a mid-singledigit rate as projected,  sales at Reebok
and TaylorMade-adidas Golf did not meet
our expectations. 

Group sales development under­­
performed macroeconomic and global
industry growth see Economic and Sector
Development,  p.  112,  as we experienced
challenges in markets such as North
America and Greater China.  Profitability
­
declined as anticipated as a result of
lower gross margins and higher operating expenses as a percentage of sales. 
Due to our strong focus on operating
working capital and cash managementwe achieved all of our goals related
to balance sheet improvements.  Our
expectations for the Group's business
performance in 2010 are based on the
assumption of an improvement in the
global economy.  However,  we expect that
consumer spending increases will lag
behind overall economic growth rates. 
This,  as well as an improved balance
­
sheet and positive effects from actions
to reduce costs taken in 2009,  should
lead to increases in both sales and
profitability in 2010.  In 2011,  ­ ssuming

further improvements in the global

­ conomy,  we are confident to increase
sales and earnings per share compared
­
to 2010.  We believe our outlook is

­ ealistic within the scope of the current
trading environment.  No material event
between the end of 2009 and the publication of this report has altered our view
 see Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  156. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Internal Group Management System 

  111

Group Business Performance
In 2009,  the ­ didas Group results were negatively impacted by a significant slowdown in consumer spending and high levels

of promotional activity due to the adverse macroeconomic climate.  Currency-neutral Group sales decreased 6% as a result
of declines in the Wholesale and Other Businesses segments.  In euro terms,  ­ didas Group revenues decreased 4% to

€ 10381 billion from € 10799 billion in 2008.  The Group's gross margin declined 33 percentage points to 454% (2008: 487%)mainly impacted by higher input costs,  currency devaluation effects as well as higher clearance sales and promotional activity. 
Consequently,  the Group's gross profit declined 10% to € 4712 billion in 2009 versus € 5256 billion in 2008.  The Group's
operating margin decreased 50 percentage points to 49% from 99% in 2008 due to the lower gross margin as well as higher
other operating expenses as a percentage of sales.  The Group's operating profit declined 53% to € 508 million in 2009 versus
€ 1070 billion in 2008.  The Group's net income attributable to shareholders decreased 62% to € 245 million from € 642 million
in 2008.  Diluted earnings per share decreased 60% to € 122 in 2009 versus € 307 in 2008. 

N°

Regional GDP development 1)

01

in %
Global 
Europe 
USA

Asia 2)

Latin America 

4

0
(2)
(4)
2007 

2008 

2009

1)  eal,  percentage change versus prior year; 2008 figures restated compared

to prior year. 
2)  sia also includes Japan and Area Pacific. 

Source: World Bank,  HSBC,  Barclay's Capital. 

112 

Economic and Sector
Development
Global economy contracts
Following a sharp slowdown in economic
growth in 2008,  the global economy
fell into recession in 2009.  Global GDP
decreased 22% compared to growth of
17% in the prior year.  In the first half of
2009,  lower industrial and manufacturing output was the main contributor to
declining global GDP resulting in rising
unemployment rates in many regions. 
Supported by extensive monetary and
fiscal stimuli,  the macroeconomic

­ nvironment stabilised in the course
of the second half of the year. 

In Europe,  full year GDP decreased by
42% (2008: growth of 14%).  The economic contraction was a result of the significant downturn in both Western Europe
and the region's emerging markets.  In
Western Europe,  GDP declined 39%
despite the support of record low interest
rates.  This was mainly a result of doubledigit declines in exports and industrial
production,  as well as weak private consumption.  European emerging markets
declined at a rate similar to Western
Europe,  however export- and commoditydriven economies such as Russia suffered
more extensively than others. 
In the USA,  the economy contracted
by 25% in 2009 (2008: growth of 04%). 
Strong declines in manufacturing and
industrial output in the first half of the
year were the main contributors to this
development. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Economic and Sector Development 
Nevertheless,  unprecedented monetary
and fiscal policy intervention helped
to stabilise consumer spending as well
as housing and financial markets.  As
a result,  GDP returned to growth in the
third quarter.  Nevertheless,  unemployment rates rose to a 17-year high of
105% in December. 
In Asia,  economic activity remained
most resilient against the recessionary
pressures.  Asia's GDP grew 05% in 2009
(2008: 29%).  GDP growth in China decelerated slightly to 85%,  while Japan's
economy shrank 52%.  While ­ eveloped

Asian countries suffered from the

­ eter­oration of exports and low levels of

private consumption,  developing Asian
countries,  in particular China,  benefited
from government stimulus in order to
boost domestic demand. 

In Latin America,  full year GDP declined
36% (2008: growth of 32%).  This development was mainly attributable to falling
domestic and foreign demand as well
as rising unemployment.  However,  as a
result of increasing commodity prices
and improving conditions in global financial markets,  economic activity stabilised
towards the end of the year in some of
the region's economies. 

Global sporting goods industry affected
by price-sensitive consumer spending
In 2009,  growth of the sporting goods
industry was burdened by the global
economic downturn,  which negatively
affected consumer confidence and
spending.  However,  the extent of the
effect differed from region to region.  After
many years of significant growth,  the
sporting goods market in Asia softened
considerably,  while the USA and Western
Europe were also challenging.  In Latin
America,  the industry remained relatively
robust,  although growth rates were significantly lower compared to prior years. 

N°

Quarterly unemployment rate by region
Q1 2009

Q2 2009

Q3 2009

Q4 2009

74
82
43

86
91
48

95
94
54

98
98
53

100
100
51

1) Source: US Bureau of Labour Statistics. 
2) Source: Eurostat. 
3) Source: Japan Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications. 

Quarterly development of Consumer
Price Index 1) 2)  by region 
Q2 2009

Q3 2009

Q4 2009

Average
rate 2009

14702
07956
15239

USD
GBP
JPY

Q1 2009

13308
09308
13117

14134
08521
13551

14643
09093
13107

14406
08881
13316

13932
08912
13023

2008 – 2009 Oil price development 1)

N°

in US $

03

Jan.  1,  2008

Q1 2009

Q2 2009

Q3 2009

Q4 2009

01
16
04

(04)
06
(03)

(14)
(01)
(18)

(13)
(03)
(22)

27
09
(17)

1) Source: Bloomberg. 
2) Quarter-end figures. 

N°

06
Dec.  31,  2009

160
120
80
40


N°

Quarterly consumer confidence

­ evelopment  by region 
04

Q4 2008

Weak performance of European
sporting goods industry
In 2009,  the European sporting goods
industry was negatively impacted
by cautious consumer spending and
financial difficulties some key retailers
­
experienced during the period.  Many
consumers traded off higher price
point purchases for cheaper buys as a
consequence of increasing unemployment.  The non-recurrence of prior year
sales related to the UEFA EURO 2008™
added to the general industry slowdown
in Western Europe.  After having been
the growth driver in previous years,  the
region's emerging markets weakened
considerably due to the overall macro­
economic downturn. 

Average
rate 2008

1) Spot rates at quarter-end. 

Q4 2008

USA
Euro Zone
Japan 
05

€ 1 equals 
Q4 2008

USA 1)
Euro Zone 2)
Japan 3)

N°

Exchange rate development 1)

02

in % of total active population 
USA
Euro Zone 2)
Japan 3)
 1)

Q1 2009

Q2 2009

Q3 2009

Q4 2009

386
(31)
267

269
(34)
296

493
(25)
381

534
(16)
407

1)  est Texas Intermediate Cushing crude oil. 

Source: Bloomberg. 

536
(19)
379

1) Source: Conference Board. 
2) Source: European Commission. 
3) Source: Economic and Social Research Institute,  Government of Japan. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Economic and Sector Development 

  113

N°

Net sales 
07

€ in millions 
2005 1)
2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

6636
10084
10299
10799
10381

1)  eflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon

business segment. 
2)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

Net sales by quarter
€ in millions 
Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

114 

N°

08
2621
2577
2521
2457
3083
2888
2574
2458

Sales in both the footwear and apparel
segments declined in Europe,  albeit to a
different extent.  We estimate that footwear sales decreased at a low-singledigit rate,  whereas apparel sales were
probably down at a mid-single digit rate. 
While selling volumes are expected to
be only slightly below prior year levelsa
­ verage selling prices declined considerably.  On a category basis,  the European
market was positively impacted by growth
in the outdoor category,  which,  howevercould not offset lower sales in most other
categories. 

According to our estimates,  apparel
sales were down at a mid-­ ingle-digit

rate,  as increasing demand for special
functional apparel such as compression
wear partly offset weakness in established categories such as basketball and
lifestyle.  Hardware sales,  in particular
high price point equipment products such
as golf clubs,  were negatively affected by
cautious consumer spending.  Declining
average selling prices due to the highly
promotional retail environment added to
negative effects of lower volumes in this
category. 

North American sporting goods
industry suffers from tough retail
market
In the USA,  sporting goods sales declined
due to the challenging retail environment
as retailers focused on keeping inventory levels low amid lacklustre consumer
demand as well as store rationalisation. 
While sales decreased in both footwear
­
and apparel,  footwear sales were less
affected and are expected to have
declined at a low-single-digit rate.  The
relative strength of this category was
mainly attributable to increasing average
­
selling prices,  which partly offset lower
volumes.  One of the contributors to
higher average selling prices was the
emerging toning category,  which grew
at a strong double-digit rate during 2009. 

Growth of Asian sporting goods
industry slumps
The growth of the Asian sporting goods
industry decelerated compared to 2008primarily driven by considerably slower
expansion in emerging markets as well
as weak consumer spending in Japan. 
In particular,  sporting goods sales in
Greater China were negatively impacted
by the clearance of high excess inven­
tories accumulated in the aftermath of
the Olympic Games held in Beijing in
2008 and subdued consumer demand at
the beginning of the year.  We assume that
sporting goods retail sales in China grew
at a mid-teens rate,  which represents a
significant deceleration compared to the
prior year. 
In Japan,  industry sales were influenced by the country's steep economic
recession and its spillover effects on
consumer spending,  especially in the
first half of the year.  Weak private consumption caused the overall industry to
decrease at a high-single-digit rate with
similar declines in footwear and apparel
sales. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Economic and Sector Development 
Latin American sporting goods market
resilient against macroeconomic trend
In Latin America,  according to our
estimates,  the sporting goods ­ndustry

developed better than the general
economy.  Even though growth momentum slowed compared to the prior yearsporting goods sales remained more
resilient against the downward trend in
the macro­ conomic environment,  with

growth in both ­ ootwear and apparel. 

adidas Group and competitors suffer
from weak economic environment
adidas Group revenues as well as those
of many competitors and ­ etailers

decreased in 2009.  However,  in some
regions sales of our Group and other
major sporting goods companies
declined more significantly than GDP. 
Increasing unemployment rates and

­ ubdued consumer spending contributed
to this development. 

Income Statement
Changes in segmental reporting
following reorganisation initiatives
In the fourth quarter of 2009,  the ­ didas

Group changed its organisational

­ tructure to increase its responsiveness to consumer needs and to support
sustainable long-term growth  see Group
Strategy,  p.  52.  As a consequence of the
subsequent changes in internal reporting
and in accordance with the new IFRS 8the ­ didas Group has now divided its

operating activities into six segments:
Wholesale,  Retail,  TaylorMade-­ didas

Golf,  Rockport,  Reebok-CCM Hockey and
Other centrally managed brands.  The
results of the adidas and ­ eebok brands

are now combined under ­ holesale and

Retail.  For clarity of presentation,  the
financial results of TaylorMade-­ didas

Golf,  ­ ockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey

(the latter two were formerly part of
the ­ eebok segment) as well as Other

c
­ entrally managed brands (formerly
part of the ­ didas segment) are aggrea
gated under Other Businesses. 

Following the elimination of regional
headquarters,  the Group now distinguishes seventeen markets which are
aggregated into six geographies: Western
Europe,  European Emerging MarketsNorth America,  Greater China,  Other
Asian Markets and Latin America. 

Changes in accounting policy
The Group's consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance
with International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS as adopted by the EU). 
In 2009,  there were relevant changes in
IFRS which were reflected in the Group's
consolidation and accounting principles
 see Note 1,  p.  170.  However,  the impact
on the Group's consolidated financial
statements from any such changes was
not material in the reporting period. 
Consolidation of new businesses
impacts results of Wholesale and
Other Businesses segments
The consolidation of new companies
in Latin America and of Ashworth,  Inc. 
in 2008 impacted the comparability of

­ didas Group results in the Wholesale
and TaylorMade-­ didas Golf segments

in the reporting period. 

Effective April 1,  2008,  the adidas Group
­
acquired 9999% of the shares of Reebok
­

­ roductos Esportivos Brazil Ltda.  (for­
merly ­ omercial Vulcabras Ltda. ),  the

distribution company for Reebok products in ­ razil and Paraguay.  Effective

June 2,  2008,  the Group also founded a
new company in Argentina for the distribution of Reebok products,  in which the

­ didas Group holds 9999% of the shares. 

­ shworth Inc.,  a leader in cotton casual
golf apparel,  has been consolidated
within the ­ didas Group since November

20,  2008. 


­ didas Group currency-neutral sales
decrease 6% in 2009
In 2009,  Group revenues decreased 6%
on a currency-neutral basis,  as a result
of lower Wholesale and Other Businesses
sales,  which more than offset an increase
in Retail revenues.  This development was
in line with initial Management expectations of a low- to mid-single-digit Group
sales decline.  Currency translation
effects positively impacted sales in euro
terms.  Group revenues declined 4% to
€ 10381 billion in 2009 from € 10799 billion in 2008. 

N°

2009 net sales by segment 1)

12% Other Businesses 

09
  70% Wholesale 
18% Retail 

1) HQ/Consolidation accounts for less than 1% of sales. 

2009 net sales by region 1)

9% Greater China 

N°

10
  31% Western Europe 
10% Latin America 
11% European 
Emerging Markets
16% Other Asian Markets 

  23% North America 
1) Excluding HQ/Consolidation. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Income Statement 

  115

N°

2009 net sales growth (currencyn
­ eutral) 1)  by segment and region in %

2009 net sales by product category 
11

Wholesale 
Retail 
Other
Businesses 
(8)



10

(1)

57
11
51


(2)
(5)
(9)
(8)

(4)

(7)
(10)
(16)
(3)
19
(6)

14

(5)

(13)
(16)
(20)
(5)
16
(9)

N°

Western Europe
European Emerging
Markets
North America
Greater China
Other Asian Markets
Latin America
Total 
  45% Footwear 
10% Hardware 

Total 
45% Apparel 

N°

Net sales by product category 
1) Versus the prior year. 

15

€ in millions
Footwear 
N°

2009 net sales growth (in €) 1) 

12

by segment and region in %
Wholesale 
Retail 
Other
Businesses 
Total 
(10)





(8)

(13)
(11)
(14)

10
(8)


5
66
19
41
10


(2)
(3)

(1)


(5)
(6)
(10)

13
(4)

Western Europe
European Emerging
Markets
North America
Greater China
Other Asian Markets
Latin America
Total 
2005 2)
2006 3)
2007
2008
2009

Apparel 
Hardware 
Total 1)

2978
4733
4751
4919
4642

2798
4105
4426
4775
4663

860
1246
1121
1105
1076

6636
10084
10299
10799
10381

1) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 
2) Reflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon 
business segment. 
3) Including Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

1) Versus the prior year. 

N°

Net sales by region 
13

€ in millions
2009

Western Europe
European Emerging Markets
North America
Greater China
Other Asian Markets
Latin America
Total 1)

2008

3262
1122
2360
967
1647
1006
10381

3527
1179
2520
1077
1585
893
10799

1) Including HQ/Consolidation. 

116 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Income Statement 
Group sales decline due to decreases
in Wholesale and Other Businesses
The ­ didas Group's sales development

differed significantly by segment in
2009.  Currency-neutral Wholesale revenues decreased 9% during the periodimpacted by declines in both ­ didas and

Reebok sales.  Currency-neutral Retail
sales increased 7% versus the prior year
as a result of higher ­ didas and Reebok

sales.  Revenues in Other Businesses
declined 4% on a currency-­ eutral

basis,  primarily impacted by lower
TaylorMade-­ didas Golf and Rockport

sales  see   11. 
Currency translation effects
positively impacted segmental sales
in euro terms.  Wholesale revenues
decreased 8% to € 7174 billion in 2009
from € 7758 billion in 2008.  Retail sales
increased 10% to € 1906 billion versus
€ 1738 billion in the prior year.  Sales
in Other Businesses remained almost
stable at € 1283 billion in 2009 (2008:
€ 1285 billion)  see   12. 
Currency-neutral sales decrease
in nearly all regions
Currency-neutral ­ didas Group sales

declined in all regions except Latin

­ merica in 2009.  Revenues in Western
Europe declined 5% primarily as a result
of lower sales in France and Iberia. 

In European Emerging Markets,  Group
sales decreased 7% on a currencyn
­ eutral basis,  primarily due to declines
in Russia as a result of the ­ evaluation

of the Russian rouble against the functional currency,  the US dollar,  which
could not be offset by price increases. 
Sales for the ­ didas Group in North

America decreased 10% on a currencyneutral basis due to declines in the USA
and ­ anada.  Sales in Greater China

decreased 16% on a ­ urrency-neutral

basis.  Revenues in Other Asian ­ arkets

declined 3% primarily as a result of
decreases in Japan.  In Latin Americasales grew 19% on a currency-neutral
basis,  with double-digit increases in most
of the region's major markets,  also supported by the consolidation of new companies in the region  see   11. 
Currency translation effects had
 mixed impact on regional sales in
euro terms.  Group revenues in Western
Europe decreased 8% to € 3262 billion in 2009 from € 3527 billion in
2008.  In European Emerging Marketssales declined 5% to € 1122 billion
in 2009 from € 1179 billion in 2008. 
Sales in North America decreased 6%
to € 2360 billion from € 2520 billion
in 2008.  Revenues in Greater China
decreased 10% to € 967 million in 2009
from € 1077 billion in 2008.  In Other
Asian Markets,  sales increased 4% to
€ 1647 billion versus € 1585 ­ illion

in the prior year.  Revenues in Latin
America grew 13% to € 1006 billion from
€ 893 million in the prior year  see   13. 


­ didas Group revenues decline in all
product categories
In 2009,  currency-neutral Group sales
declined in all product categories. 
­

­ urrency-neutral footwear sales
decreased 7% during the period.  This
development was due to declines
in Wholesale and Other Businesses
which more than offset an increase in
Retail.  Apparel sales decreased 4% on
 currency-neutral basis.  While sales
increased in Retail and Other ­ usinessesB
revenues declined in ­ holesale. 

C
­ urrency-neutral hardware sales
decreased 6% compared to the prior year
due to declines in Wholesale,  Retail and
Other Businesses. 
Currency translation effects
positively impacted sales in all product categories in euro terms.  Footwear
sales in euro terms decreased 6% to
€ 4642 billion in 2009 (2008: € 4919 billion).  Apparel sales decreased 2% to
€ 4663 billion in 2009 from € 4775 billion in the prior year.  Hardware sales
decreased 3% to € 1076 billion in 2009
from € 1105 billion in 2008  see   15. 

Cost of sales increases
Cost of sales is defined as the amount we
pay to third parties for expenses associated with producing and delivering our
products.  Own-production expenses are
also included in the Group's cost of sales. 
However,  these expenses represent only
 very small portion of total cost of sales. 
In 2009,  cost of sales was € 5669 billionrepresenting an increase of 2% compared
to € 5543 billion in 2008.  This development was due to significant increases
of raw material and labour costs which
more than offset positive effects from the
optimisation of sourcing processes and
efficiency gains within our supply chain. 
Gross margin negatively impacted
by higher input costs
The gross margin of the adidas Group
­
decreased 33 percentage points to 454%
in 2009 (2008: 487%)  see   16.  This
development was mainly due to higher
input costs,  currency devaluation effects
as well as higher clearance sales and
promotional activity.  Currency devaluation effects were mainly related to

­ ussia.  In this market,  sales were negatively impacted by the devaluation of the
Russian rouble against the functional
currency,  the US dollar,  whereas cost
of goods sold remained largely unaffec­
ted.  The vast majority of these costs are
denominated in US dollars.  As a resultgross profit for the adidas Group declined
­
10% in 2009 to € 4712 billion versus
€ 5256 billion in the prior year  see 
 17. 

N°

Gross margin 
16

in %

2005 1)

482
446
474
487
454

2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

1)  eflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon

business segment. 
2)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

N°

Gross profit 
17

€ in millions 
2005 1)
2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

3197
4495
4882
5256
4712

1)  eflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon

business segment. 
2)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

Gross profit by quarter
€ in millions 
Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

N°

18
1288
1164
1263
1105
1307
1194
1136

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Income Statement 

1511

  117

N°

Other operating expenses 
19

€ in millions 
2005 1)
2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

2573
3759
4115
4378
4390

1)  eflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon

business segment. 
2)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

Other operating expenses
in % of net sales 
2005 1)

N°

20
388
373
400
405
423

2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

1)  eflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon

business segment. 
2)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

Sales working budget
in % of net sales 
23

Marketing working budget
in % of net sales 
118 

N°

21

Other operating income declines 3%
Other operating income includes items
such as releases of accruals and provisions and gains from the disposal of
fixed assets.  Other operating income
declined 3% to € 100 million in 2009 from
€ 103 million in 2008.  This development
was mainly due to the non-recurrence of
one-time book gains realised in the prior
year in connection with the acquisition
of Ashworth and the divestiture of the
Maxfli business.  These effects more than
offset higher income from the release of
accruals for personnel costs  see Note
29,  p.  201. 

27

2008
2009

2008
2009

Currency-neutral royalty and
commission income declines
Royalty and commission income for the

­ didas Group decreased 4% to € 86 million in 2009 from € 89 million in the prior
year.  On a currency-neutral basis,  royalty
and commission income declined 7%primarily due to the non-recurrence of
Reebok royalties from distribution partners in Brazil/Paraguay and Argentina. 
The distribution partnerships in these
countries were replaced by own companies whose sales were consolidated for
the first time effective April and June
2008,  respectively. 

N°

22
105
99

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Income Statement 
Higher other operating expenses
as a percentage of sales
Other operating expenses,  ­ncluding

depreciation and amortisation,  ­ onsist

of items such as sales working budgetmarketing working budget and ­ perating

overhead costs.  Other ­ perating

expenses as a percentage of sales
increased 17 percentage points to 423%
in 2009 from 405% in 2008,  mainly as
 result of higher expenses to support
the Group's development in ­ merging

markets  see   20.  Costs related to
the Group's reorganisation and the
integration of the Ashworth ­ usiness
­

also contributed to this ­ evelopment. 

In absolute terms,  other operating
expenses remained almost unchanged at
€ 4390 billion in 2009 (2008: € 4378 billion)  see   19. 

Sales working budget decreases
as a percentage of sales
Sales working budget expenditures
relate to advertising and promotion
initiatives at the point of sale as well
as store fittings and furniture.  As sales
working budget expenses are ­ hannel

specific,  they are allocated to the Group's
operating segments.  The Group's sales
working budget as a percentage of
sales decreased 04 percentage points
to 23% in 2009 (2008: 27%),  primarily
as a result of the non-recurrence of
major ­ porting events in the prior year

 see   21.  In absolute terms,  sales working budget expenditures decreased 19%
to € 241 million in 2009 from € 297 million in the prior year  see   23. 

Marketing working budget decreases
as a percentage of sales
Marketing working budget consists of
items such as expenses for promotion
partnerships,  advertising and public relations to support brand strength.  As marketing working budget expenses are not
distribution channel specific,  they are not
allocated to the segments.  The Group's
marketing working budget as a percentage of sales decreased 06 percentage
points to 99% in 2009 (2008: 105%),  primarily as a result of the non-recurrence
of major sporting events in the prior year
 see   22.  In absolute terms,  marketing working budget decreased 9% to
€ 1028 billion in 2009 from € 1132 billion in 2008  see   23. 
Operating overhead expenses increase
Group operating overheads include overhead costs related to marketing,  saleslogistics,  research and development as
well as finance and administration functions.  Almost half of overhead expenses
are related to personnel costs.  Operating overhead expenses as a percentage
of sales increased 28 percentage points
to 301% in 2009 from 273% in the prior
year.  This was primarily a result of the
expansion of the Group's own-retail
activities in emerging markets.  In absolute terms,  operating overhead expenses
increased 6% to € 3121 billion in 2009
versus € 2949 billion in 2008. 

N°

Other operating expenses by area 

2008

297

Marketing working budget. ................................ 1028

1132

Marketing overhead............................................... 348

25

in %

2009

Sales working budget............................................ 241

N°

Operating Margin 
23

€ in millions 
376

Sales force.......................................................... 1296

1179

Logistics................................................................. 582
Research & development........................................ 86

748

87
92
99
49

1)  eflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon

business segment. 
2)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

565
81

Finance & administration...................................... 809

107

2005 1)
2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

N°

Operating profit 
26

€ in millions 
Total 
4390

N°

EBITDA

24

€ in millions 
2005 1)
2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

4378

806
1078
1165
1280

707

2005 1)

881
949

2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

1070
508

1)  eflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon

business segment. 
2)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

780

1) Reflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon 
business segment. 
2) Including Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

N°

Operating profit by quarter 
27

€ in millions 
Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

282

58
208

72

336
42

473

107

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Income Statement 

  119

N°

Financial expenses 
28

€ in millions 
2005 1)
2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

94
197
170
203
169

1)  eflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon

business segment. 
2)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

N°

Income before taxes 
29

€ in millions 
2005 1)

655

2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

723
815
904
358

1)  eflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon

business segment. 
2)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

N°

Income before taxes by quarter 
30

€ in millions 
Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

120 

Number of Group employees
increases 2%
At the end of December 2009,  the Group
employed 39596 people.  This represents
an increase of 2% versus the prior year
level of 38982.  New hirings related to
the expansion of the Group's ownretail store base were the main driver
of this develop­ ent.  These more than

offset declines due to reorganisation
initiatives and a hiring freeze the Group
implemented for all non-retail-related
functions.  On a full-time equivalent basisthe number of employees decreased
4% to 34437 at the end of 2009 (2008:
35977). 
EBITDA declines 39%
The Group's earnings before interesttaxes,  depreciation and amortisation of
tangible and intangible assets (EBITDA)
decreased 39% to € 780 million in 2009
(2008: € 1280 billion)  see   24.  Depreciation and amortisation expense for tangible and intangible assets with limited
useful lives grew 28% to € 299 million in
2009 (2008: € 234 million).  This development was mainly a result of increased
fixed assets related to our own-retail
expansion and impairment losses related
to Reebok's distribution rights in China. 

250


169

28

306
16

431

54

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Income Statement 
In accordance with IFRS,  intangible
assets with indefinite useful lives (goodwill and trademarks) are tested annually
and additionally when there are indications of potential impairment.  No impairment of intangible assets with unlimited
useful lives was incurred in 2009 and
2008. 

Income before taxes decreases 60%
Income before taxes (IBT) as a percentage of sales decreased 49 percentage
points to 35% in 2009 from 84% in 2008. 
This was a result of the Group's operating margin decrease.  IBT for the ­ didas

Group declined 60% to € 358 million from
€ 904 million in 2008  see   29. 

Operating margin declines
50 percentage points
The operating margin of the ­ didas Group

decreased 50 percentage points to 49%
in 2009 (2008: 99%).  The operating
margin decline was due to the decrease
in Group gross margin as well as higher
other operating expenses as a percentage of sales.  As a result,  Group operating
profit decreased 53% to € 508 million
versus € 1070 billion in 2008  see   26. 

Net income attributable to
shareholders declines 62%
The Group's net income attributable
to shareholders decreased 62% to
€ 245 million in 2009 from € 642 million
in 2008  see   31.  The Group's lower
operating profit was the primary reason
for this development.  The Group's tax
rate increased 27 percentage points to
315% in 2009 (2008: 288%),  mainly due
to the write-down of deferred tax assets
 see Note 33,  p.  202. 

Financial income down 49%
Financial income decreased 49% to
€ 19 million in 2009 from € 37 million
in the prior year,  mainly due to changes
in the fair value of financial instruments
 see Note 32,  p.  202. 
Financial expenses decrease 17%
Financial expenses decreased 17% to
€ 169 million in 2009 (2008: € 203 million)  see Note 32,  p.  202.  Negative
exchange rate variances were more than
compensated by lower interest expenses
 see   28. 

Net income attributable to minority
interests declines
Net income attributable to minority interests decreased 95% to € 0 million in 2009
from € 2 million in 2008.  The decline
was primarily due to the buyout of the

­ eebok minority partner in Spain,  effective January 2009. 
Basic and diluted earnings per share
decrease 61% and 60%,  respectively
Basic earnings per share decreased 61%
to € 125 in 2009 from € 325 in 2008. 
The weighted average number of shares
used in the calculation of basic ­ arnings

per share decreased to 196220166 in
2009 (2008 average: 197562346) due
to the share buyback programme from
January to October 2008.  The resulting
reduction in the number of shares more
than offset the effect from new shares
created in November 2009 from conversions related to the convertible bond
redemption.  Diluted earnings per share
in 2009 decreased 60% to € 122 from
€ 307 in the prior year  see   33.  The
weighted average number of shares used
in the calculation of diluted earnings per
share was 209238099 (2008 average:
213333203).  The dilutive effect largely
resulted from approximately sixteen million additional potential shares in relation
to the convertible bond that was completely converted in the fourth quarter of
2009. 

N°

Net income attributable to shareholders 
2005 1)
2006 2)
2007
2008
2009

N°

Diluted earnings per share 
31

€ in millions 
33

in €

383
483
551
642
245

1) Reflects continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon 
business segment. 
2) Including Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

2005
2006 1)
2007
2008
2009

193
225
257
307
122

1)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

N°

Diluted earnings per share by quarter
Net income attributable to shareholders
by quarter  € in millions
Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

N°

32

169


116



213
19

54

34

in €

302

Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

079

004
056

006

103
009

144

027

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Income Statement 

  121

Balance Sheet and
Cash Flow Statement 
N°

Balance sheet structure 1)

35

in % of total assets
Assets 
2009

2008

26
Cash and cash equivalents..................................... 87

170

Accounts receivable.............................................. 161
209
Inventories............................................................ 166

Fixed assets.......................................................... 428

427

Other assets.......................................................... 158

168

Total assets (€ in millions)

8875

9533

1) For absolute figures see Consolidated Balance Sheet,  p.  166. 

N°

Balance sheet structure 1)

36

in % of total liabilities and equity
Liabilities and equity 
2009

2008

84

Short-term borrowings. ......................................... 22
Accounts payable.................................................. 131

128

Long-term borrowings......................................... 177

186

Other liabilities..................................................... 245

245

Total equity............................................................ 425

Total liabilities and equity (€ in millions)

Changes in accounting policy
The Group's consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance
with International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS as adopted by the EU). 
In 2009,  there were relevant changes in
IFRS which were reflected in the Group's
consolidation and accounting principles
 see Note 1,  p.  170.  However,  the impact
on the Group's consolidated financial
statements from any such changes was
not material in the reporting period. 
Total assets decrease 7%
At the end of 2009,  total assets decreased
7% to € 8875 billion versus € 9533 billion in the prior year.  This was primarily
attributable to a decrease in ­ urrent

assets.  A decrease in non-current
assets also impacted this development
 see   37. 
Group inventories down 26%
Group inventories decreased 26% to
€ 1471 billion at the end of 2009 versus
€ 1995 billion in 2008  see Note 9,  p.  182. 
On a currency-neutral basis,  inventories
declined 27%.  This was mainly a result of
reduced production volumes as well as
clearance of excess inventories at all our
brands  see   38. 

Accounts receivable decrease 12%
At the end of 2009,  Group receivables
decreased 12% to € 1429 billion (2008:
€ 1624 billion)  see Note 7,  p.  181.  On a
currency-neutral basis,  receivables were
down 13%.  This decrease reflects strict
discipline in implementing the Group's
trade terms and improved collection of
receivables as the difficult economic situation eased in most markets at year-end
 see   39. 
Other current financial assets
down 44%
Other current financial assets decreased
44% to € 160 million at the end of 2009
from € 287 million in 2008  see Note 8p.  181.  This development was mainly
due to the decrease of the fair value of

­ urrent forward contracts. 
Other current assets down 28%
Other current assets decreased 28% to
€ 360 million at the end of 2009 from
€ 502 million in 2008,  mainly as a result
of a decrease in prepayments  see
Note 10,  p.  182. 
Fixed assets decline 7%
Fixed assets decreased 7% to € 3794 billion at the end of 2009 versus € 4074 billion in 2008.  Additions in an amount of
€ 264 million were mainly related to the
continued expansion of our own-retail
activities and investment into the Group's
IT infrastructure. 

357

8875

9533

1) For absolute figures see Consolidated Balance Sheet,  p.  166. 

122 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Statement 
Additions were more than offset by
depreciation and amortisation amounting
to € 310 million,  disposals of € 48 million
and a transfer of fixed assets to assets
held-for-sale totalling € 106 million.  In
addition,  negative currency translation
effects in an amount of € 80 million on
fixed assets denominated in ­ urrencies

other than the euro impacted this
development. 

Assets held-for-sale increase 296%
At the end of 2009,  assets held-forsale increased 296% to € 126 million
compared to € 31 million at the end of
2008,  due to additional assets now being
in the scope of a sale  see Note 3,  p.  176. 
Assets held-for-sale primarily relate to
the planned sale of land and buildings in
Herzogenaurach,  Germany,  as well as
certain office buildings and warehouses
in various other locations. 
Other non-current assets increase 5%
Other non-current assets increased by
5% to € 126 million at the end of 2009
from € 120 million in 2008,  mainly driven
by an increase in prepaid promotion contracts  see Note 16,  p.  184. 

Accounts payable decline 4%
Accounts payable declined 4% to
€ 1166 billion at the end of 2009 versus
€ 1218 billion in 2008  see   40.  On a
currency-neutral basis,  accounts payable
were down 5%.  This development was
mainly attributable to the substantial
reduction of goods received compared to
the prior year,  partly offset by improved
terms with our suppliers. 
Other current financial liabilities
increase 28%
Other current financial liabilities
increased 28% to € 101 million at the
end of 2009 from € 79 million in 2008primarily as a result of an increase in the
fair value of current financial instruments
 see Note 18,  p.  185. 
Accrued liabilities decrease 9%
Accrued liabilities decreased 9% to
€ 625 million at the end of 2009 from
€ 684 million in 2008,  mainly due to
 decline in the accruals for payment
of goods and services not yet invoiced
 see Note 20,  p.  186. 
Other current liabilities grow 7%
Other current liabilities were up 7% to
€ 232 million at the end of 2009 from
€ 216 million in 2008,  mainly due to
increases in tax liabilities other than
income taxes  see Note 21,  p.  187. 

N°

Total assets 
2005
2006 1)
2007
2008
2009

8379
8325
9533
8875

1) Including Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

N°

2005
2006 1)
2007
2008
2009

1230
1607
1629
1995
1471

684
752
849
1218
1166

1)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

€ in millions 
1) Including Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

2005
2006 1)
2007
2008
2009

N°

41
2684
2828
3023
3386
3771

1)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

N°

Receivables 
39

€ in millions 
2005
2006 1)
2007
2008
2009

2005
2006 1)
2007
2008
2009

Shareholders' equity 
38

€ in millions 
40

€ in millions 
5750

Inventories 
N°

Accounts Payable 
37

€ in millions 
965
1415
1459
1624
1429

1) Including Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Statement 

  123

N°

Change in cash and cash equivalents 
42

€ in millions
Cash and cash
equivalents at
the end of 2008

Net cash
provided by
operating
activities 
1198

Net cash used
in investing
activities 
Net cash used
Cash and cash
in financing equivalents at the
activities
end of 2009 1)

(162)
(512)

775

244

1) Includes a positive exchange rate effect of € 7 million. 

2009 Capital expenditure by segment 
6% Other Businesses 

N°

43

  54% HQ/Consolidation 
10% Wholesale 

30% Retail 

N°

2009 Capital expenditure by type 
10% Retailer support 
16% IT 

44
  42% Other 
Non-current accrued liabilities
down 41%
Non-current accrued liabilities declined
41% to € 22 million at the end of 2009
from € 37 million in 2008.  This was partly
as a result of a decrease in the accruals
for goods and services not yet invoiced. 
Equity grows due to full conversion
of convertible bond
Shareholders' equity rose 11% to
€ 3771 billion at the end of 2009 versus € 3386 billion in 2008  see   41.  The
full conversion of our convertible bond
and the net income generated during the
period were the main contributors to this
development.  Declines in the fair value
of financial instruments,  the dividend
paid during the period and currency
­
translation effects negatively impacted
this development  see Note 26,  p.  189. 
Expenses related to off-balance
sheet items
Our most important off-balance sheet
commitments are operating leaseswhich are related to retail stores,  officeswarehouses and equipment.  The Group
has entered into various operating leases
as opposed to property acquisitions to
reduce exposure to property value fluctuations.  Rent expenses increased 14% to
€ 480 million in 2009 from € 422 million
in the prior year,  mainly due to the continued expansion of the adidas Group's
own-retail activities  see Note 27,  p.  193. 

Cash flow development reflects lower
working capital needs
In 2009,  net cash inflow from operating
­
activities was € 1198 billion (2008:
€ 497 million).  The increase in cash provided by operating activities compared to
the prior year was primarily due to lower
working capital needs. 
Net cash outflow from investing activities was € 162 million (2008:
€ 444 million) and was mainly related to
spending for property,  plant and equipment such as investments in the furnishing and fitting of stores in our Retail
segment,  in new office buildings and in
IT systems. 
Net cash used in financing activities
totalled € 512 million (2008: € 106 million).  Cash inflows from financing activities were mainly related to proceeds from
the issue of a five-year Eurobond in a
nominal amount of € 500 million.  Cash
outflows from financing activities in an
amount of € 508 million and € 404 million were attributable to the repayment
of long-term and short-term borrowingsrespectively.  In addition,  adidas AG paid
dividends in an amount of € 97 million to
its shareholders. 
Exchange rate effects in an amount
of € 7 million positively impacted the
Group's cash position in 2009 (2008:
€ 2 million).  As a result of all these
developments,  cash and cash equivalents
increased by € 531 million to € 775 million at the end of 2009 (2008: € 244 million)  see   42. 

32% Own retail 

124 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Statement 
Capital expenditure reduced
Capital expenditure is the total cash
expenditure for the purchase of ­ angible

and intangible assets.  Group capital
expenditure decreased 37% to € 240 million in 2009 (2008: € 380 million).  The
Retail segment accounted for 30% of
Group capital expenditure (2008: 36%). 
Investments primarily related to the
expansion of our store base for the

­ didas and Reebok brands.  Expenditure
in the Wholesale segment accounted for
10% of total capital expenditure (2008:
7%).  Capital expenditure in Other Businesses accounted for 6% of total expend­
iture (2008: 5%).  The remaining 54% of
Group capital expenditure was recorded
in HQ/Consolidation (2008: 52%) and
was mainly related to investments into
new office buildings and IT infrastructure
 see ­   43 and Global Operations,  p.  88. 

Disclosures pursuant to
§ 315 Section 4 of the German
Commercial Code
Composition of subscribed capital
The nominal capital of adidas AG
amounts to € 209216186 (as at December 31,  2009) and is divided into the same
number of no-par-value bearer shares
with a pro-rata amount in the nominal
­
capital of € 1 each ('shares")
see
Note 26,  p.  189.  Pursuant to § 4 section 10
of the Articles of Association,  share­
holders' claims to the issuance of individual share certificates are in principle
excluded.  Each share grants one vote at
the Annual General Meeting.  All shares
carry the same rights and obligations. 
In the USA,  we have issued American Depositary Receipts (ADRs).  ADRs
are deposit certificates of non-US shares
that are traded instead of the original
shares on US stock exchanges.  Two ADRs
equal one adidas AG share. 
Restrictions on voting rights
or transfer of shares
We are not aware of any contractual
agreements with the company or other
agreements restricting voting rights
or the transfer of shares.  Based on the
Code of Conduct of adidas AG,  howeverparticular lock-up periods do exist for
members of the Executive Board with
regard to the purchase and sale of adidas
AG shares.  These lock-up periods are
connected with the publication of our
quarterly and full year results.  Such lockup periods also exist for employees who
have access to yet unpublished financial
results. 

In addition,  restrictions of voting rights
pursuant,  inter alia,  to § 136 German
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz –
AktG) or for treasury shares pursuant to
§ 71b AktG may exist. 

Shareholdings in share capital
exceeding 10% of voting rights
adidas AG has not been notified of,  and is
not aware of,  any direct or indirect shareholdings in the share capital of adidas AG
exceeding 10% of the voting rights. 
Shares with special rights
There are no shares bearing special
rights,  in particular there are no shares
with rights conferring powers of control. 
Voting right control if employees
have a share in the capital
Like all other shareholders,  employees
who hold adidas AG shares exercise their
control rights directly in accordance with
statutory provisions and the Articles of
Association. 
Executive Board appointment
and dismissal
Currently,  the adidas AG Executive Board
consists of four members see ­Executive
Board,  p.  24.  Pursuant to § 6 of the

­ rticles of Association and § 84 AktGthe Supervisory Board is responsible for
determining the number of members of
the Executive Board as well as for their
appointment and dismissal.  Executive
Board members may be appointed for
 maximum period of five years.  Such
appointments may be renewed and the
terms of office may be extended,  provided
that no term exceeds five years. 

The Supervisory Board has appointed a
member of the Executive Board as Chief
Executive Officer (CEO) pursuant to § 6
of the Articles of Association.  It may
revoke the appointment of an individual
as member of the Executive Board or
Chief Executive Officer for good causesuch as gross negligence of duties or a
withdrawal of confidence by the Annual
General ­ eeting.  In all other cases,  as

adidas AG is subject to the regulations
of the German Co-Determination Act
(Mitbestimmungsgesetz MitbestG)the appointment of Executive Board
members and also their dismissal
requires a majority of at least two thirds
of the Supervisory Board members
(§ 31 MitbestG).  If such a majority is
­
not established in the first vote by the
Supervisory Board,  upon proposal of the
Mediation Committee see Declaration on
Corporate Governance including the Corporate 
the appointment
or dismissal may be made in a second
vote with a simple majority of the votes
cast by the Supervisory Board members.  Should the required majority not
be established in this case either,  a third
vote,  again requiring a simple majority­
must be held in which,  however,  the
Chairman of the Supervisory Board has
two votes.  Furthermore,  pursuant to § 85
section 1 AktG,  the Fuerth local court
shall,  in urgent cases,  make the necessary appointment upon application by
any party involved,  if the Executive Board
does not have the required number of
members. 

Governance Report,  p.  33

Amendments to the Articles
of Association
Pursuant to § 179 section 1 sentence
 AktG,  the Articles of Association of
adidas AG can,  in principle,  only be
amended by a resolution passed by
the Annual General Meeting.  ­ ursuant

to § 21 section 3 of the Articles of

­ ssociation in conjunction with § 179
section 2 sentence 2 AktG,  the Annual
General Meeting of ­ didas AG princia
pally resolves upon amendments to the

­ rticles of Association with a simple
majority of the votes cast and with a
simple majority of the nominal capital
represented when passing the resolution. 
If mandatory legal provisions stipulate a
larger majority of voting rights or ­ apitalc
this is applicable.  When it comes to
amendments solely relating to the wording,  the Supervisory Board is,  howeverauthorised to make these modifications
in accordance with § 179 section 1 sentence 2 AktG in conjunction with § 10 section 1 of the Articles of Association. 
Authorisation of the Executive Board in
particular to issue and cancel shares
The authorisations of our Executive
Board are regulated by §§ 76 et seq.  AktG
in conjunction with § 7 of the Articles
of Association.  The Executive Board is
responsible,  in particular,  for managing the company and represents the
company judicially and extra-judicially. 
The authorisation of the Executive Board
to issue shares is regulated by § 4 of the
Articles of Association and by statutory
provisions.  The authorisation to repurchase adidas AG shares is based on §§ 71
et seq.  AktG and,  as at the balance sheet
date,  on the authorisation granted by the
Annual General Meeting on May 7,  2009. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 of the German Commercial Code 

  125

  Authorised Capital
 
Until May 28,  2011,  the Executive
Board is authorised to increase the
nominal capital,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  by issuing
new shares against contributions
in cash once or several times by no
more than € 20000000 altogether
(Authorised Capital 2006). 
 
Until June 21,  2012,  the Executive
Board is authorised to increase the
nominal capital,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  by issuing
new shares against contributions
in kind once or several times by no
more than € 25000000 altogether
(Authorised Capital 2009/II). 
­ 
Until June 21,  2014,  the Executive
Board is authorised to increase the
nominal capital,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  by issuing
new shares against contributions
in cash once or several times by no
more than € 50000000 altogether
(Authorised Capital 2009/I). 
Subject to Supervisory Board approvalshareholders' subscription rights can
be excluded in certain cases see Note
26,  p.  189. 

126 

  Contingent Capital
By resolution of the Annual General
Meeting held on May 11,  2006,  the
Executive Board was authorised,  until
May 10,  2011,  to issue bonds with

­ arrants and/or convertible bonds
by the company or affiliated companies once or several times in the
total amount of up to € 15 billion
for a duration of up to 30 years and
to accept guarantee of such bonds
issued by affiliated companies.  The
Executive Board is authorised to grant
to bondholders or bond creditors
­
subscription or conversion rights
relating to no more than a total of
20000000 shares in compliance with
the corresponding conditions of the
bonds.  For this purpose,  the nominal
­
capital was conditionally increased
by up to € 20000000 (Contingent
Capital 2006).  The Executive Board
­
is authorised,  subject to approval by
the Supervisory Board,  to exclude
shareholders' subscription rights for
­
fractional amounts and also if the
issue price of the bonds with warrants
and/or convertible bonds is not significantly below the market value of these
bonds and the number of shares to
be issued does not exceed 10% of the
nominal capital.  The issuance of new
shares or the use of treasury shares
must be taken into account when
calculating this limit in certain specific
cases.  This authorisation has not been
utilised so far. 

  Share Buyback
The authorisations of the company to
repurchase adidas AG shares arise
from §§ 71 et seq.  AktG and,  as at the
balance sheet date,  on the authorisation granted by the Annual General
Meeting on May 7,  2009. 
   Based on the authorisation
granted on May 7,  2009,  the Executive
­
Board is authorised to repurchase
adidas AG shares of up to an amount
totalling 10% of the nominal capital at
the date of the resolution (or,  as the
case may be,  a lower amount of nom­
inal capital on the date of ­ tilisation

of the authorisation) for any lawful
purpose and within the legal frame
until November 6,  2010.  The authorisation may be used by adidas AG but
also by its subsidiaries or by third par­
ties on account of the company or its
subsidiaries. 
The repurchase will be carried out via the
stock exchange through a public repurchase offer,  through a public invitation to
submit sale offers or through issuing tender rights to shareholders.  Furthermorethe authorisation sets out the ­owest

and highest nominal value that may be
granted in each case. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 of the German Commercial Code 
The adidas AG shares repurchased based
on this authorisation may in particular be
used as follows:
 
They may be sold,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  via the stock
exchange or through a public share
purchase offer made to all share­
holders for cash or (limited to 10% of
the nominal capital taking into account
certain offsets) through sale at a price
not significantly below the stock market
price of shares with the same features. 
 
They may be used,  subject to Super­
visory Board approval,  for the purpose
of directly or indirectly acquiring companies,  parts of companies or participations in companies. 
 
They may be offered and sold,  subject to Supervisory Board approvalas consideration for the acquisition of
industrial property rights or intangible
property rights or for the acquisition
of licences relating to such rights,  also
through subsidiaries. 
 
They may be used to meet subscription
or conversion rights arising from bonds
with warrants and/or convertible bonds
issued or to be issued by adidas AG or a
direct or indirect subsidiary,  in accordance with the authorisations granted by
the Annual General Meetings held on
May 8,  2003 and May 11,  2006. 
 
They may be used to meet the company's obligations arising from the
Management Share Option Plan 1999
(MSOP). 
 
They may be cancelled without a further
resolution of the Annual General Meeting being required. 

Furthermore,  the shares may be
assigned to members of the Executive
Board as compensation by way of a stock
bonus subject to the provision that resale
by the Executive Board members shall
only be permitted following a retention
period of at least two years from the date
of assignment.  Responsibility in this case
lies with the Supervisory Board. 
In case of the sale of shares for
the above-mentioned purposes,  share­
holders' subscription rights are excluded. 
If any of the transactions carried out on
the basis of this authorisation require
the approval of the Supervisory Boardthe Supervisory Board may transfer this
responsibility to one of its committees. 

In addition,  the Executive Board was
authorised by the Annual General Meeting on May 7,  2009 to conduct the share
buyback pursuant to the resolved authorisation,  also by using equity derivatives
arranged with a financial institution in
close conformity with market conditions. 
Subject to Supervisory Board approvaladidas AG may sell put options issued for
physical delivery and/or buy call options
if the option conditions ensure that these
shares are only delivered if they were
purchased in compliance with the equality principle.  All shares purchased by
using put and call options are limited to
 maximum value of 5% of the nominal
capital existing on the date on which the
resolution was adopted by the Annual
General Meeting (or,  as the case may
be,  a lower amount of nominal capital on
the date of utilisation of the authorisation).  The term of the options must be
chosen in such a way that the shares are
acquired upon the exercise of the options
no later than November 6,  2010.  The
authorisation furthermore sets out the
lowest and highest nominal value that
may be granted in each case. 

For selling and cancelling shares purchased using derivatives,  the general
rules adopted by the Annual General
Meeting (set out above) are applicable. 
As at December 31,  2009,  adidas AG
does not hold any treasury shares. 

Change of control/compensation
agreements
Material agreements entered into by
adidas AG containing a change-of-control
clause relate to financing agreements. 
In the case of a change of controlthese agreements,  in accordance with
common practice,  entitle the creditor to

­ ermination and early calling-in of any
outstanding amounts. 
No compensation agreements exist
between adidas AG and members of the
Executive Board or employees relating
to the event of a take-over bid. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 of the German Commercial Code 

  127

Treasury 
N°

Total credit facilities 
45

€ in millions
2009

2008

2722
Short-term lines.................................................. 2238

Medium-term committed lines........................... 2000

2000

Private placements.............................................. 1166
Eurobond................................................................. 498
Convertible bond........................................................  0

1432

Total 

393
5902

6547

N°

Remaining time to maturity of available
facilities  € in millions 
46
2009

2008

Group financing policy
The major goal of our financing policy
is to minimise the Group's financial
expenses while ensuring sufficient
liquidity reserves at all times to meet
the Group's payment commitments.  The
operating activities of our Group segments and the resulting cash inflows
represent the Group's main source of
liquidity.  Liquidity is planned on a rolling monthly basis based on a multi-year
financial and liquidity plan.  This comprises all consolidated Group companies. 
Our in-house bank concept takes advantage of the surplus funds of individual
Group companies to cover the financial
requirements of others,  reducing external financing needs and optimising our
net interest expenses.  By settling intercompany transactions via intercompany
financial accounts,  we are able to reduce
external bank account transactions and
thus bank charges.  Effective management of our currency exposure as well
as ongoing interest rate optimisation are
additional goals of our Group Treasury
department. 

3519

< 1 year. ............................................................... 2436
462
 to 3 years........................................................... 2458
2332
 to 5 years.............................................................. 822
> 5 years.................................................................. 186
Total 
128 

234
5902

6547

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Treasury 
Treasury system and responsibilities
Our Group's Treasury Policy governs all
treasury-related issues,  including banking policy and approval of bank relationships,  global financing arrangements and
liquidity/asset management,  currency
and interest risk management as well as
the management of intercompany cash
flows.  Responsibilities are arranged in a
three-tiered approach:

 he Treasury Committee consists of
members of the Executive Board and
other senior executives who decide on
the Group's Treasury Policy and provide strategic guidance for managing
treasury-related topics.  The Treasury
Committee approves all major changes
to our Treasury Policy. 

 he Group Treasury department is
responsible for specific centralised
treasury transactions and for the
global implementation of our Group's
Treasury Policy. 

 n a subsidiary level,  local ­ anaging

directors and financial controllers are
responsible for managing treasury
matters in the respective subsidiaries. 
Controlling functions on a Group level
ensure that the transactions of the
individual business units are in compliance with the Group's Treasury Policy. 

Centralised treasury function
In accordance with our Group's Treasury
Policy,  more than 90% of our worldwide credit lines are managed by the
Group Treasury department.  Portions of
those lines are allocated to the Group's
sub­ idiaries and backed by parental

guarantees.  As a result of this centralised liquidity management,  the Group
is well positioned to allocate resources
efficiently throughout the organisation. 
The Group's debt is generally unsecured
and may include standard financial

­ ovenants,  which are reviewed on a quarterly basis.  We maintain good relations
with numerous partner banks,  thereby
avoiding a high dependency on any single
institution.  Banking partners of the Group
and our subsidiaries are required to have
at least a BBB+ long-term investment
grade rating by Standard & Poor's or
an equivalent rating by another leading

­ ating agency.  Only in exceptional cases
are Group companies authorised to work
with banks with a lower rating see Risk
and Opportunity Report,  p.  140.  To optimise the
Group's cash position and ensure optimal
allocation of liquid financial resourcessubsidiaries are required to transfer
excess cash to the Group's headquarters. 

Long-term financial flexibility ensured
The adidas Group's long-term flexibility
is ensured by unutilised credit facilities
in an amount of € 4135 billion at the
end of 2009 (2008: € 3974 billion).  These
include a € 2000 billion committed
multi-year syndicated loan which was not
utilised at year-end (2008: € 1801 billion unutilised) as well as bilateral credit
lines at different banks in an amount
of € 2135 billion (2008: € 2173 billion). 
We monitor the ongoing need for available credit lines based on the current
level of debt as well as future financing
requirements. 
Short-term credit lines decrease
Short-term credit lines declined 18% to
€ 2238 billion at the end of 2009 from
€ 2722 billion in the prior year.  Credit
lines decreased in line with lower financing needs.  Committed and uncommitted
credit lines represent approximately 37%
and 63% of total short-term credit linesrespectively (2008: 42% and 58%)  see 
 47. 

Standard financial covenants
In the case of our committed credit
facilities,  we have entered into various
covenants.  These covenants may include
limits on the disposal of fixed assets,  the
amount of debt secured by liens,  cross
default provisions and change of control. 
In addition,  certain financial arrangements contain equity ratio covenantsminimum equity covenants as well as
net loss covenants.  If we fail to meet
any covenant and are unable to obtain
 waiver from a majority of partner
banks,  borrowings would become due
and payable immediately.  As at December 31,  2009,  we were in full compliance
with all of our covenants,  with ample
coverage above all stipulated minimum
requirements.  As a result of our cash
flow expectations,  we are confident we
will continue to be compliant with these
covenants going forward see Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  156.  We currently
believe that cash generated by operations,  together with access to external
sources of funds,  will be sufficient to
meet our future operating and capital
needs. 

Gross borrowings decrease
significantly
Gross borrowings decreased 31% to
€ 1767 billion at the end of 2009 from
€ 2573 billion in the prior year.  Bank
borrowings declined 83% to € 103 million from € 605 million in the prior year. 
Our private placements in the USA,  in
Europe and in Asia decreased 19% to
€ 1166 billion in 2009 (2008: € 1432 billion).  Bonds outstanding increased 27%
and amounted to € 498 million (2008:
€ 393 million)  see   52.  No commercial
paper was outstanding at the end of 2009
(2008: € 143 million). 
Euro dominates currency mix
The majority of our Group's gross borrowings are denominated in euros and US
dollars.  At the end of 2009,  gross borrowings denominated in euros accounted for
61% of total gross borrowings (2008: 57%). 
The share of gross borrowings held in
US dollars decreased to 33% (2008: 39%)
 see   48. 

N°

Short-term Credit Lines 
47

€ in millions
2009

2008

1137
Committed.............................................................. 828

1585

Uncommitted....................................................... 1410

Total 
2238

2722

N°

Currency split of gross borrowings 
48

€ in millions
2009

2008

1470

EUR...................................................................... 1076

1004
USD......................................................................... 591
JPY.............................................................................  3
All others.................................................................. 97Total 

95
1767

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Treasury 

2573

  129

N°

Net Cash (Net Borrowings)

49

€ in millions 
2005
2006 1)

551
(2231)
(1766)
(2189)
(917)

2007
2008
2009

1)  ncluding Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

N°

Net Borrowings by Quarter 1)

50

€ in millions 
Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

2073

2883

2260

917

2732
2593
2294
2189

1) At end of period. 

Interest Rate Development 1)
in %

2005
2006
2007
2008
2009

N°

51

Financing structure improved
significantly
Over the course of 2009,  we extended
the Group's debt maturity profile,  further optimising our financing structure. 
In June,  we issued a German private
placement in an amount of € 200 million,  consisting of a three-year and
five-year tranche.  Additionally,  adidas
International Finance B. V.,  a fully owned
and guaranteed subsidiary of adidas
AG,  issued a Eurobond in a nominal
amount of € 500 million in July 2009. 
The bond has a maturity of five yearsan annual coupon of 475% and was
priced with a spread of 200 basis points
above the respective Euro mid-swap. 
The transaction was multiple times
oversubscribed.  In October,  the Group
announced the early redemption of its
€ 400 million ­ onvertible bond.  Following

­
the announcement,  the bond was fully
converted by holders see Our Sharep.  42.  As a result,  the Group's financing
structure improved considerably with
the term structure of debt maturities
now more evenly spread.  At the end of
2009,  total refinancing needs in the next
12 months amounted to € 198 million
(2008: € 797 million)  see   55. 

40
48
53
52
52

1) Weighted average interest rate of gross borrowings. 

130 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Treasury 
Interest rate unchanged
The weighted average interest rate on
the Group's gross borrowings remained
stable at 52% in 2009 (2008: 52%)  see 
 51.  Positive effects from lower ­nterest

rates on short-term borrowings were
offset by the higher share of longer-term
borrowings in the Group's financing mixwhich carry a higher average ­nterest

rate.  Long-term fixed-rate financing
amounted to 68% of the Group's total
financing at the end of 2009 (2008: 58%). 

­ ariable financing amounted to 32% of
total financing at the end of the year
(2008: 42%). 

Net debt position decreases
by € 1272 billion
Net borrowings at December 31,  2009
amounted to € 917 million,  which
represents a substantial decrease of
€ 1272 billion,  or 58%,  versus € 2189 billion in the prior year  see   49.  This
development significantly exceeded our
original target of net debt to be below
the prior year level communicated at the
beginning of 2009.  Lower working capital
requirements and lower capital expenditure than originally planned positively
influenced this development.  The strong
reduction was also supported by the
complete conversion of our € 400 million
convertible bond in the fourth quarter. 
Currency effects had a positive impact of
€ 12 million on net borrowings development.  On a net debt basis,  the utilisation
of credit facilities available to the Group
at the end of 2009 was 16% versus 33%
in the prior year.  The Group's financial
leverage declined to 243% at the end
of 2009 versus 646% in the prior year
 see   53.  As a result,  we achieved our
medium-term goal of financial leverage
below 50%.  Efficient management of our
capital structure continues to be a top
management priority.  Therefore,  to limit
financing risks while ensuring sufficient
flexibility,  we now aim to maintain a ratio
of net borrowings over EBITDA of less
than two times see Subsequent Events and
Outlook,  p.  156. 

Currency management a key priority
Due to the Group's global activity,  currency management is a key focus of the
Group's Treasury department.  ­ edging

US dollars is a central part of our
programme.  This is a direct result of
our Asian-dominated sourcing,  which
is largely denominated in US dollars
see Global Operations,  p.  88.  In 2009,  the
Group Treasury department managed
 net ­ eficit of around US $ 19 billion

against the euro (2008: US $ 19 billion). 
As outlined in our Group's Treasury
­
Policy,  we have established a rolling
12- to 24-month hedging system,  under
which the vast majority of the anticipated
seasonal hedging volume is secured six
months prior to the start of a season. 
As a result,  we have almost completed
our anticipated hedging needs for 2010
and we have already started to hedge
our exposure for 2011 and to a minor
degree for 2012.  The rates for 2010 are
slightly less favourable compared to
those of 2009.  The use or combination of
different hedging instruments,  such as
forward contracts,  currency options and
swaps protects us against unfavourable

­ urrency movements,  while retaining the
potential to benefit from future favourable exchange rate developments see
Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  140. 

N°

Financing Structure 1)
2009

2008

850
103
1166
498

0
1767
917

Total cash and short-term financial assets
Bank borrowings
Private placements
Eurobond
Convertible bond
Commercial paper
Gross total borrowings
Net borrowings 
384
605
1432

393
143
2573
2189

N°

53

in %

2005
2006 1)
2007
2008
2009

Issued Bonds 
Volume 
Asian private placement
Asian private placement
German private placement 
EUR 26
AUD 16
EUR 150

US private placement
French private placement
German private placement 
USD 288
EUR 150
EUR 78

US private placement
Eurobond
German private placement 
USD 292
EUR 498
EUR 122

US private placement
US private placement
Other private placements 
1) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

Financial Leverage 
N°

Issued Private Placements and Bonds
At A Glance  in millions 
52

€ in millions 
USD 115
USD 150
EUR 43

54
Coupon 
Maturity 
variable
2010
variable
2010
fixed and
2010
variable
fixed
2011
variable 2011 – 2012
fixed and
2012
variable
fixed
2013
fixed
2014
fixed and
2014
variable
fixed
2015
fixed
2016
variable 2010 – 2012

(205)
789
584
646
243

N°

Remaining time to maturity of gross
borrowings  € in millions 
55
2009

1) Including Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006

onwards. 

2008

797
< 1 year. .................................................................. 198
462

 to 3 years.............................................................. 561
1080
 to 5 years.............................................................. 822
234

> 5 years.................................................................. 186
Total 
1767

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Group Business Performance    Treasury 

2573

  131

Wholesale Business Performance
The Wholesale segment comprises the adidas and Reebok business activities with retailers.  In 2009,  currency-neutral sales in
the Wholesale segment decreased 9%.  In euro terms,  Wholesale sales declined 8% to € 7174 billion from € 7758 billion in the
prior year.  Gross margin decreased 21 percentage points to 416% (2008: 437%).  This was mainly a result of higher input costs
and a highly promotional retail environment.  Gross profit decreased 12% to € 2981 billion in 2009 from € 3387 billion in 2008. 
Segmental operating costs as a percentage of sales decreased 01 percentage points to 89% (2008: 90%).  As a result of the
gross margin decline,  which could not be offset by lower operating costs as a percentage of sales,  segmental operating margin
decreased 20 percentage points to 327% in 2009 versus 347% in the prior year.  In absolute terms,  segmental operating profit
declined 13% to € 2346 billion in 2009 versus € 2692 billion in 2008. 

N°

Wholesale at a glance 
01

€ in millions
2009

Net sales
Gross profit
Gross margin
Segmental operating profit
Segmental operating margin 
2008

Change 
7174
2981
416%
2346
327%

7758
3387
437%
2692
347%

(8%)
(12%)
(21pp)
(13%)
(20pp)

Wholesale net sales by quarter
€ in millions 
Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

132 

N°

02
1968
1876
1755
1608
2241
2040
1794
1650

Currency-neutral segmental
sales decline 9%
In 2009,  revenues for the Wholesale segment declined 9% on a currency-neutral
basis.  adidas Sport Performance and
Reebok sales declined compared to the
prior year while revenues at adidas Sport
Style increased.  Currency translation
effects positively impacted segment revenues in euro terms.  Sales in the Wholesale segment declined 8% to € 7174 billion in 2009 from € 7758 billion in 2008. 
Currency-neutral Wholesale sales
decline in nearly all regions
Currency-neutral sales for the Wholesale
segment decreased in all regions except
Latin America in 2009.  Currency-neutral
revenues in Western Europe declined 8%
due to decreases in most major markets. 

Revenues in European Emerging Markets
decreased 13% on a currency-neutral
basis,  primarily due to lower sales in
Russia as a result of the devaluation of
the Russian rouble against its functional currency,  the US dollar,  which
could not be offset by price increases. 
Currency-­ eutral Wholesale sales in

North America declined 16% due to
declines in both the USA and Canada. 
Revenues in Greater China decreased
20% on a currency-­ eutral basis.  Sales

in Other Asian ­ arkets declined 5% on a

currency-­ eutral basis due to declines in

Japan which more than offset increases
in other markets.  In Latin Americacurrency-neutral sales grew 16%,  supported by double-digit increases in all
major markets and the effects resulting
from consolidation of new companies in
the region in the prior year. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Business Performance by Segment    Wholesale Business Performance 
Currency translation effects had a mixed
impact on regional sales in euro terms. 
Sales in Western Europe declined 10% in
2009 to € 2643 billion (2008: € 2936 billion).  In European Emerging Marketssales decreased 13% to € 475 million
from € 543 million in 2008.  Revenues
in North America declined 11% to
€ 1295 billion in 2009 versus € 1461 billion in the prior year.  In Greater Chinarevenues decreased 14% to € 855 million in 2009 (2008: € 999 million).  Sales
in Other Asian ­ arkets increased 1% to

€ 1041 billion in 2009 from € 1029 billion in 2008,  while revenues in Latin
America improved 10% to € 865 million in
2009 (2008: € 790 million). 

Currency-neutral adidas Sport
Performance sales decline 11%
In 2009,  adidas Sport Performance
wholesale revenues decreased 11% on
 currency-neutral basis.  Revenues
declined in all major categories.  In

­ articular,  the football category was
strongly impacted by the non-recurrence
of strong prior year sales in connection
with the UEFA EURO 2008™ in the first
half year.  Currency translation effects
positively impacted revenues in euro
terms.  In 2009,  adidas Sport Performance sales decreased 9% to € 4706 billion from € 5184 billion in the prior year. 

Gross margin negatively impacted
by higher input costs
Wholesale gross margin decreased
21 percentage points to 416% in 2009
from 437% in 2008.  This was mainly due
to higher input costs and a highly promotional retail environment.  adidas wholesale gross margin decreased 16 percentage points to 444% in 2009 (2008: 460%). 
Wholesale gross margin of the Reebok
brand decreased 46 percentage points to
284% in 2009 versus 330% in the prior
year.  As a result,  Wholesale gross profit
declined 12% to € 2981 billion in 2009
versus € 3387 billion in 2008. 

adidas Sport Style sales increase 7%
on a currency-neutral basis
Currency-neutral adidas Sport Style
wholesale revenues grew 7% in 2009. 
The increase was driven by strong
momentum in the Style Essentials

­ ollection,  whereas Originals sales
declined.  ­ urrency translation effects

negatively impacted revenues in
euro terms.  Sport Style sales grew
6% to € 1225 billion in 2009 (2008:
€ 1151 billion). 

Segmental operating costs as
a percentage of sales down
01 percentage points
Segmental operating costs in Wholesale
­
primarily relate to sales working budget
expenses as well as expenditures for
sales force,  administration as well as
logistics.  Segmental operating costs as
a percentage of sales decreased 01 percentage points to 89% (2008: 90%). 
This was primarily due to declines in
personnel expenses as a result of cost
control measures taken during the year. 
In euro terms,  segmental operating costs
decreased 9% to € 635 million in 2009
from € 695 million in 2008. 

Reebok sales decline 10% on
a currency-neutral basis
In 2009,  Reebok wholesale revenues
decreased 10% on a currency-neutral
basis.  This was a result of declines in
Classics and Men's Training,  which were
partly compensated by a double-digit
sales increase in Women's Fitness.  In
euro terms,  Reebok sales also decreased
10% to € 1265 billion in 2009 from
€ 1410 billion in 2008. 

Segmental operating profit
decreases 13%
In 2009,  segmental operating margin
decreased 20 percentage points to
327% (2008: 347%).  This was a result
of the gross margin decline which more
than offset lower segmental operating
costs as a percentage of sales.  Segmental operating profit decreased 13% to
€ 2346 billion in 2009 versus € 2692 billion in the prior year. 
Number of Wholesale employees
decreases
At year-end 2009,  the Group employed
4881 people in the Wholesale segmentwhich represents a decrease of 8%
versus 5303 employees in the previous
year.  This development is mainly due to
reorganisation initiatives as well as the
implementation of a hiring freeze for all
non-retail-related functions in 2009.  On a
full-time equivalent basis,  the Wholesale
segment employed 4662 at year-end
2009.  This represents a decrease of 9%
versus the prior year-end level of 5133. 

N°

Wholesale net sales by region
7% European 
Emerging Markets
12% Greater China 

03
  37% Western Europe 
12% Latin America 
14% Other Asian Markets 

  18% North America 
N°

Wholesale net sales by division 
17% adidas Sport Style 

04
  65%  didas Sport
 

­ erformance 
18% Reebok 

N°

Wholesale gross margin by quarter 
05

in %

Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

450
426
433
396
453
421
405
416

Wholesale operating profit by quarter
€ in millions 
Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

492

615
590

N°

06
722

704

822

558
535

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Business Performance by Segment    Wholesale Business Performance 

  133

Retail Business Performance
The Retail segment comprises the own-retail activities of the adidas and Reebok brands.  In 2009,  currency-neutral Retail sales
increased 7%.  In euro terms,  Retail sales grew 10% to € 1906 billion (2008: € 1738 billion).  Currency-neutral comparable
store sales declined 6% versus the prior year.  Gross margin decreased 29 percentage points to 586% (2008: 615%).  This was
mainly a result of effects from the devaluation of the Russian rouble and higher input costs.  However,  gross profit increased 4%
to € 1116 billion in 2009 from € 1069 billion in 2008.  As a result of the decline in gross margin and higher operating costs as
a percentage of sales,  segmental operating margin decreased 48 percentage points to 140% (2008: 188%).  In absolute termssegmental operating profit declined 18% to € 267 million in 2009 versus € 326 million in 2008. 

N°

Retail at a glance 
01

€ in millions
2009

Net sales
Gross profit
Gross margin
Segmental operating profit
Segmental operating margin 
2008

Change 
1906
1116
586%
267
140%

1738
1069
615%
326
188%

10%
4%
(29pp)
(18%)
(48pp)

Currency-neutral segmental sales
increase 7%
In 2009,  Retail revenues increased 7% on
 currency-neutral basis.  Concept storefactory outlet and other retail format
sales were all up versus the prior year. 
Currency translation effects positively
impacted segment revenues in euro
terms.  Sales grew 10% to € 1906 billion from € 1738 billion in the prior
year.  Currency-neutral comparable store
­
sales,  however,  decreased 6% versus
the prior year,  with declines in all store
formats. 
Own-retail store base increases
At December 31,  2009,  the adidas Group
Retail segment operated 2212 stores. 
This represents a net increase of 328 or
17% versus the prior year-end level of
1884.  Over the course of the year,  the
Group opened 416 new stores.  88 stores
were closed.  Two stores were remodelled
over the course of the year. 

134 

The number of concept stores increased
by 184 to 1203 at the end of 2009 (2008:
1019).  The number of factory outlets
grew by 74 to 755 at the end of the
year (2008: 681).  Concession corners
increased by 71 to 244 (2008: 173).  Other
formats,  which include e-commercedeclined by 1 to 10 (2008: 11).  Of the total
number of stores,  1626 were adidas and
586 Reebok branded (2008: 1311 adidas573 Reebok). 

Currency-neutral Retail sales increase
in nearly all regions
Currency-neutral Retail sales increased
in all regions except European Emerging
Markets and North America.  Retail

­ evenues in Western Europe increased
8% on a currency-neutral basis due to
increases in most major markets except
France.  Sales in European Emerging
Markets declined 1% on a currencyneutral basis. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Business Performance by Segment    Retail Business Performance 
Store expansion and price increases
almost offset the negative impact from
the devaluation of the Russian rouble
against the functional currency,  the
US dollar.  Currency-neutral Retail sales
in North America remained stable as
declines in the USA were offset by sales
increases in Canada.  Retail revenues
in Greater China increased 57% on a
currency-neutral basis primarily as a
result of the opening of factory outlets to
support the clearance of excess inven­
tories in this market.  Sales in Other Asian
Markets grew 11% on a currency-neutral
basis primarily as a result of increases
in Japan.  In Latin America,  currencyn
­ eutral Retail sales grew 51%,  mainly
driven by new store openings. 

Currency translation effects had a
mixed impact on regional sales in euro
terms.  Segmental sales in Western
Europe increased 5% to € 405 million in
2009 (2008: € 384 million).  In European
Emerging Markets,  sales increased 2%
to € 617 million versus € 606 million
in the year before.  Revenues in North
America grew 5% to € 380 million in 2009
from € 363 million in 2008.  In Greater
China,  sales increased 66% to € 88 million versus € 53 million in the prior year. 
Sales in Other Asian Markets grew 19%
to € 286 million in 2009 (2008: € 240 million),  while revenues in Latin America
improved 41% to € 129 million in 2009
versus € 92 million in the prior year. 

Concept store sales increase 4%
on a currency-neutral basis
Concept store revenues include sales
from adidas Sport Performancea
­ didas Sport Style and Reebok concept
stores.  In 2009,  concept store revenues
increased 4% on a currency-neutral
basis.  Sales increased at both adidas
and Reebok.  In euro terms,  concept
store sales increased 5% to € 833 million in 2009 from € 791 million in 2008. 

­ urrency-neutral comparable concept
store sales,  however,  declined 15%. 

N°

Retail Number of stores 

2008

Concept stores.................................................... 1203
1019

Factory outlets....................................................... 755

681

Concession corners............................................... 244
Other........................................................................ 10

173
11
2212

03

€ in millions 
2009

Total 
N°

Retail net sales by quarter 
02

1884

Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

360

399
423

N°

Retail net sales by region 
5% Greater China 
7% Latin America 
15%  ther Asian 

Markets
20% North America 

Retail Sales by store concept 
4% Other formats 

486
491
524
464
497

04
  32%  uropean Emerging


Markets 
  21% Western Europe 
N°

05
  53%  actory outlets


43% Concept stores 

Factory outlet sales grow 5%
on a currency-neutral basis
Factory outlet revenues include sales
from adidas and Reebok factory outlets. 
In 2009,  factory outlet revenues increased
5% on a currency-neutral basis.  Sales
increased at both adidas and Reebok.  In
euro terms,  factory outlet sales increased
13% to € 1005 billion in 2009 from
€ 893 million in 2008.  Comparable factory outlet sales,  however,  declined 1%. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Business Performance by Segment    Retail Business Performance 

  135

N°

Retail gross margin by quarter 
06

in %

Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

589
545
630
608
622
576
615
607

N°

Retail operating profit by quarter 
07

€ in millions 
Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

136 

17

58
85
84
100
66

72

111

Currency-neutral sales from other
retail formats increase 28%
Revenues from other retail formats
include adidas and Reebok concession
corners and e-commerce operations. 
In 2009,  sales from other retail formats
increased 28% on a currency-neutral
basis.  Growth was driven by improvements in both concession corners and
e-commerce.  In euro terms,  revenues
from other retail formats increased 27%
to € 68 million in 2009 from € 54 million
in 2008.  ­ urrency-neutral comparable

sales from other formats increased 20%. 
adidas and Reebok branded
Retail sales increase
In 2009,  adidas Group Retail sales
increased at both adidas and Reebok. 
­
Currency-neutral adidas Sport
Performance sales increased 5%. 
Currency-neutral adidas Sport Style
revenues grew 20% in the period. 
Currency-neutral Reebok sales were
7% higher compared to the prior year. 
Comparable store sales at the adidas
­
brand declined at a high-singledigit rate,  whereas Reebok sales
decreased at a low-single-digit rate. 
Currency translation effects positively
impacted revenues in euro terms. 
adidas own-retail sales increased
10% to € 1567 billion in 2009 from
€ 1430 billion in 2008.  Own-retail sales
of Reebok branded products also grew
10% to € 339 million in 2009 (2008:
€ 307 million). 

Retail gross margin negatively
impacted by currency devaluation
effects
Gross margin in the Retail segment
decreased 29 percentage points to
586% in 2009 from 615% in 2008.  This
was mainly due to effects from the
devaluation of the Russian rouble and
higher input costs.  In Russia,  sales were
negatively impacted by the devaluation
of the Russian rouble against the functional currency,  the US dollar,  whereas
cost of goods sold remained largely

­ naffected.  The vast majority of these
costs are denominated in US dollars. 
Gross margin declined across all store
formats.  By brand,  adidas gross margin
declined 27 percentage points to 609%
(2008: 636%) and Reebok's gross margin
decreased 38 percentage points to 481%
(2008: 519%).  As a result of the sales
increase,  however,  Retail gross profit
increased 4% to € 1116 billion in 2009
from € 1069 billion in 2008. 
Segmental operating costs
as a percentage of sales up
18 percentage points
Segmental operating costs in Retail primarily relate to personnel and logistics
­
expenses as well as the sales working
budget.  Segmental operating costs as
a percentage of sales increased 18 percentage points to 445% (2008: 427%). 
This was a result of the expansion of the
Group's store base.  In euro terms,  segmental operating costs increased 14% to
€ 849 million in 2009 from € 742 million
in 2008. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Business Performance by Segment    Retail Business Performance 
Segmental operating profit
decreases 18%
In 2009,  segmental operating margin
decreased 48 percentage points to
140% (2008: 188%).  This was a result
of the gross margin decline and higher
segmental operating costs as a percentage of sales.  In absolute terms,  segmental operating profit decreased 18% to
€ 267 million in 2009 versus € 326 million in the prior year. 
Retail employee base grows
On December 31,  2009,  the Group
employed 19599 people in Retail
operations.  This represents an increase
of 11% versus 17614 employees at the
end of the prior year.  The increase in
the number of employees relates to the
expansion of the Group's store base.  The
vast majority of employees are employed
on a part-time basis.  On a full-time
equivalent basis,  the number of ­ eople

employed in Retail increased 1% to
15252 at the end of 2009 (2008: 15168). 

Other Businesses Performance
Other Businesses primarily include the TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey segments.  In addition,  the
segment Other centrally managed brands,  which comprises brands such as Y-3,  is also included.  In 2009,  currency-neutral sales
of Other Businesses decreased 4%.  In euro terms,  sales remained almost stable at € 1283 billion (2008: € 1285 billion).  Gross
margin decreased 28 percentage points to 394% (2008: 422%).  This was mainly a result of price repositioning initiatives at
TaylorMade-adidas Golf due to the negative golf market development.  Gross profit decreased 7% to € 506 million in 2009 from
€ 543 million in 2008.  As a result of the decline in gross margin and higher operating costs as a percentage of sales,  segmental
operating margin decreased 43 percentage points to 219% (2008: 262%).  In absolute terms,  segmental operating profit
declined 17% to € 281 million in 2009 versus € 337 million in 2008. 
Currency-neutral sales of Other
Businesses decline 4%
In 2009,  revenues for Other Businesses
declined 4% on a ­ urrency-neutral basis. 

While sales declined in the segments
TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  Rockport and
Reebok-CCM Hockey,  revenues increased
at Other ­ entrally managed brands. 

Currency translation effects positively
impacted revenues in euro terms.  Sales
of Other Businesses remained almost

­ table at € 1283 billion in 2009 (2008:
€ 1285 billion). 

Currency-neutral sales of Other
Businesses decline in nearly all regions
Currency-neutral sales of Other Businesses decreased in all regions except
Western Europe and Latin America. 
Revenues in Western Europe increased
10% on a currency-neutral basis due
to higher TaylorMade-adidas Golf sales
in the region.  Revenues in European
Emerging Markets decreased 2% on a
currency-neutral basis primarily due to
lower Reebok-CCM Hockey sales which
could not be offset by higher Rockport
revenues.  Currency-neutral sales in
North America decreased 5% primarily
due to sales decreases at TaylorMadeadidas Golf and Rockport.  Revenues in
Greater China declined 9% on a currencyneutral basis due to lower TaylorMadeadidas Golf sales.  Sales in Other Asian
Markets decreased 8% on a currencyneutral basis,  impacted by declines
at ­ aylorMade-adidas Golf.  In Latin

America,  ­ urrency-neutral sales grew 3%

as a result of increases at TaylorMadeadidas Golf. 

Currency translation effects had a mixed
impact on regional sales in euro terms. 
Sales in Western Europe increased 3%
to € 214 million (2008: € 208 million).  In
European Emerging Markets,  sales grew
3% to € 30 million in 2009 from € 29 million in 2008.  Revenues in North America
declined 2% to € 685 million in 2009
versus € 695 million in the prior year.  In
Greater China,  revenues decreased 3% to
€ 24 million in 2009 (2008: € 25 million). 
Sales in Other Asian Markets increased
1% to € 319 million in 2009 from
€ 316 million in 2008,  and revenues in
Latin America decreased 1% to € 12 million in 2009 (2008: € 12 million). 

N°

Other Businesses at a glance 
01

€ in millions
2009

Net sales
Gross profit
Gross margin
Segmental operating profit
Segmental operating margin 
2008

Change 
1283
506
394%
281
219%

1285
543
422%
337
262%

(0%)
(7%)
(28pp)
(17%)
(43pp)

Other Businesses net sales by region 
1% Latin America 
2% European 
Emerging Markets
2% Greater China 
17% Western Europe 

N°

02

  53% North America 
25% Other Asian Markets 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Business Performance by Segment    Other Businesses Performance 

  137

Other Businesses net sales by quarter
€ in millions 
Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

03
285
294
336
359
347
322
318
308

Other Businesses net sales by brand 
3% Other centrally 
managed brands
14%  eebok-CCM 

Hockey
18% Rockport 

138 

N°

N°

04

  65%  aylorMadeT

adidas Golf 
Currency-neutral TaylorMade-adidas
Golf sales decline
In 2009,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf revenues
decreased 2% on a currency-neutral
basis.  This development was below initial
Management expectations of a lows
­ ingle-digit sales increase.  Declines in all
major categories could not be offset by
the positive impact of Ashworth (consolidated since November 2008),  which
contributed € 50 million to TaylorMadeadidas Golf revenues in 2009.  Currency
translation effects positively impacted
sales in euro terms.  In 2009,  TaylorMadeadidas Golf revenues increased 2% to
€ 831 million from € 812 million in the
prior year. 
Currency-neutral Rockport
sales decrease 8%
In 2009,  Rockport revenues decreased
8% on a currency-neutral basis.  Growth
in accessories was offset by declines in
footwear and apparel.  Currency translation effects positively impacted sales in
euro terms.  Revenues in the Rockport
segment decreased 5% to € 232 million
in 2009 from € 243 million in 2008. 

Reebok-CCM Hockey sales decline 5%
on a currency-neutral basis
Currency-neutral Reebok-CCM Hockey
sales decreased 5% in 2009.  This
develop­ ent was mainly due to lower

licensed apparel sales.  Currency trans­
lation effects negatively impacted sales
in euro terms.  Reebok-CCM Hockey

­ evenues decreased 6% to € 177 million
in 2009 from € 188 million in 2008. 
Gross margin negatively impacted
by difficult pricing environment
Gross margin decreased 28 percentage
points to 394% in 2009 from 422% in
2008.  This was mainly due to price repositioning initiatives at TaylorMade-adidas
Golf due to the negative golf market
development.  As a result,  gross profit
declined 7% to € 506 million in 2009

­ ersus € 543 million in 2008. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Business Performance by Segment    Other Businesses Performance 
Operating costs as a percentage of
sales up 15 percentage points
Operating costs as a percentage of sales
increased 15 percentage points to 175%
(2008: 160%).  Integration expenses of
€ 21 million and the non-recurrence
of a prior year book gain related to
the ­ cquisition of Ashworth were the

p
­ rimary drivers of this increase.  In euro
terms,  operating costs increased 9% to
€ 224 million in 2009 from € 206 million
in 2008. 

Segmental operating profit declines
In 2009,  segmental operating margin
­
decreased 43 percentage points to
219% (2008: 262%).  This was a result
of the gross margin decline and higher

­ perating costs as a percentage of sales. 
In absolute terms,  segmental operating
­
profit decreased 17% to € 281 million
in 2009 versus € 337 million in the prior
year. 
Number of employees decreases
At year-end 2009,  the Group employed
1569 people in Other Businessesrepresenting a decrease of 7% versus
1694 employees in the previous year. 
This development is primarily a result
of reorganisation initiatives as well as
the implementation of a hiring freeze
for all non-retail-related functions.  On
a full-time equivalent basis,  the number
of employees in Other Businesses
decreased 11% and amounted to 1502 at
the end of 2009 (2008: 1679). 

N°

Other Businesses gross margin
by quarter  in %

05

Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

457
394
426
384
424
381
385
419

Other Businesses Segmental operating
profit by quarter  € in millions 
06

Q1 2008
Q1 2009
Q2 2008
Q2 2009
Q3 2008
Q3 2009
Q4 2008
Q4 2009

N°

82

43

85
76
68

90
97

78

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Business Performance by Segment    Other Businesses Performance 

  139

Risk and Opportunity Report
The adidas Group continuously explores and develops opportunities to sustain and maximise earnings and also to drive longterm increases in shareholder value.  In doing so,  we acknowledge that it is necessary to take certain risks to maximise business
opportunities.  Our risk and opportunity management principles provide the framework for our Group to conduct business in a
well-controlled environment. 
N°

adidas Group Risk and Opportunity
Management System 
01

Supervisory and Executive Boards 
Group Finance
Function 
Brand and Global
Functions
Reporting 
Risk and opportunity aggregation
Treatment
Controlling 
140 

Identification
Assessment 
Risk and opportunity
management principles
The adidas Group is regularly confronted
with risks and opportunities which have
the potential to negatively or positively
impact the Group's asset value,  earningscash flow strength,  or intangible values
such as brand image.  We have summarised the most important of these risks
and opportunities in this report in three
main categories: External and IndustryStrategic and Operational,  and Financial. 
We define risk as the potential
occurrence of external or internal events
that may negatively impact our ability to
achieve short-term goals or long-term
strategies.  Risks also include lost or
poorly utilised opportunities. 
Opportunities are broadly defined
as internal and external strategic and
operational developments that have the
potential to positively impact the Group if
properly exploited. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 
Risk and opportunity
management system
To facilitate effective managementwe have implemented an integrated
management system which focuses on
the identification,  assessment,  treatment,  controlling and reporting of risks
and opportunities.  The key objective
of this system is to protect and further grow shareholder value through
an ­ pportunity-focused,  but risk-aware

decision-making framework. 
We believe that risk and opportunity management is optimised when
risks,  risk-compensating measures and
opportunities are identified and assessed
where they arise,  in conjunction with a
concerted approach to controlling,  aggregating and reporting.  Therefore,  risk and
opportunity management is a Group-wide
activity,  which utilises critical day-to-day
management insight from local business
units.  Support and strategic direction are
provided by brand and global functions. 

Our Group Finance function is ­ esponsible

for the alignment of ­ arious corporate

functions in the risk and opportunity
management process and coordinates the
involvement of the Executive and Supervisory Boards as necessary.  The Group
Finance function is also responsible for
providing line management with relevant
tools and know-how to aggregate and
control risks and opportunities utilising a
consistent methodology. 
Of significant importance is our
Group's Risk Management Manualwhich is available to all Group ­ mployees

online.  The manual outlines the principles,  processes,  tools,  risk areas and
key responsibilities within our Group.  It
also defines reporting requirements and
communication timelines.  Our Group
supplements this top-down,  bottom-up
approach to risk and opportunity management by employing our Global Internal Audit department to independently
assess and appraise operational and
internal controls throughout the Group. 

The main components of our risk and
opportunity management process are:
  Risk and opportunity identification:
The adidas Group continuously monitors the macroeconomic environmentdevelopments in the sporting goods
industry,  as well as internal processes to
identify risks and opportunities as early
as possible.  Local business units have
­
primary responsibility for the identification and management of risks and opportunities.  Our Group Finance function has
defined a catalogue of potential risks
and opportunities for our Group to assist
in the identification process.  In addition
to the potential financial impacts from
changes in the overall macroeconomicpolitical and social landscape,  each market actively monitors brand,  distribution
channel and price point developments in
our core sport,  leisure lifestyle and sport
fusion markets.  A key element of the
identification process is primary qualitative and quantitative research such as
trend scouting,  consumer surveys and
feedback from our business partners and
controlled space network.  These efforts
are supported by global market research
and competitor analysis.  Here,  secondary
material such as NPD Sports Tracking
Europe market research data is analysed
and global relationships with independent trend and media agencies such as
Trendwatching, com are maintained. 
Through this process we seek to identify
the markets,  categories,  consumer target
groups and product styles which show
most potential for future growth at a local
and global level.  Equally,  our analysis
focuses on those areas that are at risk
of saturation,  increased competition or
changing consumer tastes. 

  Risk and opportunity assessment:
Identified risks and opportunities are
assessed with respect to (1) occurrence
probability,  and (2) potential contribution to loss or profit,  with contribution
being defined as operating profit before
intra-Group royalties.  The occurrence
­
probability of individual risks and
opportunities is evaluated on a scale of
 to 100% likelihood.  In this report,  we
summarise these findings by utilising
'high",  'medium" or 'low" classifications
to represent an aggregate likelihood for
various risk and opportunity categories. 
As risks and opportunities have different characteristics,  we have defined
separate methodologies for assessing the potential financial impact.  With
respect to risks,  the extent of potential
loss is measured on a case-by-case basis
as the contribution deviation from the
most recent forecast under the assumption that the risk fully materialises.  This
calculation also reflects the effects from
risk-­ ompensating measures.  In assessc
ing the potential contribution from opportunities,  each opportunity is appraised
with respect to viability,  commercialitypotential risks and the expected profit
contribution.  This approach is applied to
longer-term strategic prospects but also
to shorter-term tactical and opportunistic
initiatives at both the Group and,  more
extensively,  the brand and market level. 

  Risk and opportunity treatment: Risks
and opportunities are treated in accordance with the Group's risk and opportunity management principles as described
in the Risk Management Manual.  Line
management in cooperation with the
Group Finance function and,  in exceptional cases,  the Executive Board and/or
Supervisory Board,  decides which individual risks we accept or avoid and the
opportunities to pursue or forgo.  As part
of this process,  we also decide on which
risk-­ ompensating or transfer measures

will be implemented.  Similarly,  to maximise opportunities,  it may be necessary
to reduce or limit distribution in order to
protect prices and margins or prolong
product lifecycles.  In some cases,  we also
seek to transfer the responsibility for
execution for certain risks and opportunities to third parties (e.g.  insuranceoutsourcing,  distribution agreements or
brand sub-licensing). 

  Risk and opportunity monitoring and
controlling: A primary objective of our
integrated risk and opportunity management system is to increase the transparency of Group risks and opportunities. 
In addition,  we also seek to measure the
success of our risk-compensating initiatives.  The Group centrally monitors each
of these efforts on a frequent basis.  In
particular,  the Group Finance function
regularly examines the results of actions
taken by operational management to
accept,  avoid,  reduce or transfer risks
over time.  With respect to opportunitieswe regularly monitor the objectives and
key performance indicators established
during the initial identification and evaluation process.  This not only facilitates the
validation of opportunities but also allows
us to adapt and refine our productscommunication and distribution strategy
to ongoing developments in our rapidly
changing marketplace.  In particularwe collaborate with our manufacturing
partners and retail customers to evaluate
the impact of our growth and efficiency
initiatives.  Feedback is relayed in a timely
manner to product,  marketing and controlling functions. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 

  141

  Risk and opportunity aggregation and
reporting: The Group Finance function
aggregates Group-wide risks and reports
them to the Executive Board on a regular
basis.  Individual risks are aggregated
based on the sum of all assessed risks
(sum of occurrence likelihood × potential
net loss),  taking correlations between
individual risks into account.  Risks with
 likely impact of at least € 1 million on
the forecasted full year contribution are
reported to the Group Finance function
on a monthly basis.  In ­ ddition,  risks

with a likely financial impact of € 5 million or more are required to be reported
immediately upon identification to the
Group Finance function.  Opportunities
are aggregated separately as part of the
strategic business planning,  budgeting
and forecasting processes.  The realisation of risks and opportunities can have
 critical impact on our ability to achieve
our strategic objectives.  Therefore,  Management is updated in regular business
reviews,  but also through ad hoc discussions as appropriate. 

142 

Description of the main features of the
internal control and risk management
system relating to the financial
reporting process pursuant to § 315
section 2 no.  5 German Commercial
Code (Handelsgesetzbuch HGB)
We regard the internal control and risk
management system relating to the
consolidated financial reporting process
of the adidas Group as a system which
is embedded within the Group-wide risk
management system.  The risk management system with respect to the financial
reporting process aims at minimising
the risk of false representation in our
Group accounting and in external financial reporting.  To this end,  Group-wide
compliance with statutory provisions
and internal Group regulations must be
ensured.  We regard the risk management system as a process based on
the ­ rinciple of segregation of dutiesp
encompassing various sub-processes
in the areas of Accounting,  ControllingTaxes,  Treasury,  Planning,  Reporting
and Legal,  focusing on the identification,  assessment,  treatment,  monitoring and reporting of financial reporting
risks.  Clearly defined responsibilities are
assigned to each distinct sub-process in
the various areas.  In a first step,  the risk
management system serves to identify
and assess and also to limit and control risks identified in the consolidated
accounting process which might result
in our consolidated financial statements
not being in conformity with regulations. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 
The internal control system relating to
the financial accounting process serves
to provide reasonable assurance that
the financial statements are prepared
in compliance with regulations despite
identified financial reporting risks.  To
ensure the effectiveness of the internal
control and risk management systemthe Internal Audit function regularly
reviews accounting-relevant processes. 

­ dditionally,  as part of the year-end
audit,  the external auditor examines
selected aspects of the system,  including the IT systems,  to assess their
effectiveness.  Even with appropriate and
functional systems,  however,  absolute
certainty cannot be guaranteed. 
adidas AG defines uniform consolidated accounting policies and updates
these on a regular basis,  dependent on
regulatory changes and internal developments.  Clear regulations serve to limit
employees' scope of discretion with
regard to inclusion and valuation of assets
and liabilities,  thus reducing the risk of
inconsistent accounting practices within
the Group.  These policies are available
to all employees involved in the financial
accounting process through the Groupwide intranet.  Material changes are communicated to the subsidiaries Group-wide
on a quarterly basis.  Compliance with
the financial accounting rules is ensured
through continuous adherence to the
four-eyes principle in accounting-related
processes.  Certain reporting obligations
and the extent thereof are mandatory
for the Group's ­ ubsidiaries.  Adherence

to reporting obligations and timelines is
monitored centrally by Group Accounting. 

Financial accounting at subsidiaries is
conducted either locally by the respective
company or by a Shared Service Centre
that provides this service for several
subsidiaries.  Most of the IT systems
used are based on SAP AFS.  Some Group
companies use Navision-based ERP
software that was developed in-house. 
The individual financial statements are
subsequently transferred into a central consolidation system based on SAP
SEM-BCS.  The regularity and reliability
of the financial statements prepared by
subsidiaries is reviewed at Group level
by Group Accounting and Controlling.  If
necessary,  the Group seeks the opinion
of independent experts to review business transactions that occur infrequently
and cannot be processed as a matter of
routine.  Controls within the consolidation
process,  such as with regard to the consolidation of liabilities or of revenues and
expenses,  are conducted both automatically (system-based) and manually.  Any
inadequacies are remedied and reported
back to the subsidiaries. 
All financial systems used are protected against malpractice by means of
appropriate authorisation concepts and
access restrictions.  Access authorisations are reviewed on a regular basis and
updated if required.  The risk of data loss
or outage of financial-accounting-related
IT systems is minimised by Group IT
through central control and monitoring
of virtually all IT systems,  by means of
centralised management of change pro­
cesses and with support through regular
data backups. 

External and Industry Risks
Macroeconomic risks
Growth in the sporting goods industry is
influenced by consumer spending and
consumer confidence.  Abrupt economic
downturns,  in particular in regions where
the Group is highly represented,  therefore pose a significant short-term risk to
sales development.  To mitigate this riskthe Group strives to balance sales across
key global regions and also between
developed and emerging markets.  In
addition,  a core element of our performance positioning is the utilisation of an
extensive global event and partnership
portfolio where demand is more predictable and less sensitive to macroeconomic
influence. 
In 2010,  the Group expects the global economy to grow modestly after the
global recession of the prior year  see
Subsequent Events and Outlook,  p.  156.  Never­
theless,  a high degree of uncertainty
prevails in expectations regarding the
pace and magnitude of economic recovery.  Performance per geographic region
is also expected to be mixed.  Thereforewe continue to assess the likelihood that
adverse macroeconomic events could
impact our business as high.  We also still
assess the potential financial impact of
such events as high. 

Consumer demand risks
Failure to anticipate and respond to
changes in consumer demand for sporting goods products is one of the most
serious threats to our industry.  Consumer demand changes can be sudden
­
and unexpected,  particularly in our
fashion-related businesses.  Because
industry product procurement cycles
average 12 to 18 months,  the Group faces
 risk of short-term revenue loss in cases
where it is unable to respond quickly to
such changes.  Even more critical,  however,  is the risk of continuously overlooking a new consumer trend or failing to
acknowledge its potential magnitude over
 sustained period of time. 
To mitigate this risk,  identifying and
responding to consumer demand shifts
as early as possible is a key responsibility of our brands.  In this respect,  we
utilise extensive primary and secondary
research tools as outlined in our risk and
opportunity identification process. 
As a leader in our industry,  our
brand strategies continue to be focused
on influencing rather than reacting to
the changing consumer ­ nvironment. 

We invest significant resources in
research and development to innovate
and bring fresh new technologies and
designs to market  see Research and
­Development,  p.  92. 

In addition,  we also seek to enhance consumer demand for our brands and brand
initiatives through extensive marketingproduct and brand communication programmes.  And we continue to focus on
supply chain improvements to speed up
creation-to-shelf timelines  see Global
Operations,  p.  88.  In 2010,  the adidas Group
will continue to bring new product innovations to market,  supported by extensive
brand marketing campaigns  see Global
Brands Strategy,  p.  58. 
Given the broad spectrum of our
Group's product offering,  retailer feedback and other early indicators  see
Internal Group Management System,  p.  108we view the overall risk from consumer
demand shifts as unchanged versus the
prior year.  Changes in consumer demand
continue to have a medium likelihood of
occurrence and could have a potential
medium impact on our Group's financial
results. 

N°

Corporate Risk Overview 
02
Probability of
occurrence 
External and industry risks
Macroeconomic risks
Consumer demand risks
Industry consolidation risks
Political and regulatory risks
Legal risks
Risk from product counterfeiting
and imitation
Social and environmental risks
Natural risks 
Potential financial impact 
high
medium
high
medium
low 
high
medium
medium
medium
medium 
high
low
low 
low
low
low 
Strategic and operational risks
Risks from loss of brand image
Own-retail risks
Risks from rising input costs
Supplier default risks
Product quality risks
Inventory risks
Customer risks
Risk from loss of key promotion
partnerships
Product design and development risks
Personnel risks
Risks from non-compliance
IT risks 
low
medium
medium
low
low
medium
low 
high
medium
medium
low
low
medium
medium 
medium
low
low
low
low 
low
high
medium
medium
high 
Financial risks
Credit risks
Financing and liquidity risks
Currency risks
Interest rate risks 
medium
low
medium
medium 
medium
high
high
low 
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 

  143

Industry consolidation risks
The adidas Group is exposed to risks
from market consolidation and strategic alliances amongst competitors and/
or retailers.  This can result in a reduction of our bargaining power,  or harmful
competitive behaviour such as price
wars.  Abnormal product discounting and
reduced shelf space availability from
retailers are the most common potential
outcomes of these risks.  Sustained promotional pressure in one of the Group's
key markets could threaten the Group's
sales and profitability development. 
To moderate this risk,  we are committed to maintaining a regionally balanced sales mix and continually adapting
the Group's distribution strategy.  The
negative real economy effects from the
economic downturn and the uncertain
outlook for 2010 are expected to put
further pressure on the sporting goods
industry to consolidate.  Moreover,  with
improving credit market conditions the
merger and acquisition environment
is expected to improve slightly.  Many
retailers and competitor positions have
weakened due to declining sales and
earnings during the prior year.  Thereforewe continue to see risks from market
consolidation as having a high likelihood
of occurrence.  We continue to view the
potential impact on both Group sales and
profitability as medium. 

144 

Political and regulatory risks
Political and regulatory risks include
potential losses from expropriationnationalisation,  civil unrest,  terrorism
and significant changes to trade policies. 
In particular,  the adidas Group faces
risks arising from sudden increases of
import restrictions,  import tariffs and
duties that could compromise the free
flow of goods within the Group and from
suppliers. 
To limit these risks,  we proactively
utilise a regionally diversified supplier
base which establishes a certain protection against unforeseen changes in regulations and also allows us to shift production to other countries at an early stage if
necessary  see Global Operations,  p.  88. 
At the end of 2008,  nearly all
apparel-specific safeguard measures
­
against China expired based on the
World Trade Organization (WTO) accession agreements.  However,  various
­
governments sought protection against
footwear imports by applying trade
defence instruments,  such as antidumping measures,  on a broader scale. 
For example,  Brazil and Argentina
recently introduced higher import duties
on footwear imports from China on a preliminary basis.  These duties are expected
to negatively impact our gross margin in
2010.  Similarly,  in December 2009,  the
European Union extended the existing
anti-dumping measures against leatherupper footwear from China and Vietnam
for a period of fifteen months. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 
As a result of heightened protectionist
­
activity by governments,  we now
regard the risk of further political and
regulatory actions as having a medium

­ robability of occurrence versus a low

­ robability in our prior year assessment. 
An ­ nexpected significant change in the

political and regulatory environment
could have a medium potential financial
impact. 

Legal risks
The adidas Group is exposed to the risk of
claims and litigation for infringement of
third-party trademark,  patent and other
rights.  To reduce this risk,  new product
technologies,  designs and names are
carefully researched to identify and avoid
potential conflicts with the rights of third
parties.  We have further strengthened
our Intellectual Property department
resources to drive enhancements in our
patent portfolio,  and in the reviewing and
analysis of third-party patents. 
Due to the safeguards in place,  we
believe there continues to be a low likelihood of our Group infringing third-party
trademark or patent rights in a material
way.  Nevertheless,  we continue to believe
that litigation could have a medium financial impact on our Group. 

Risks from product counterfeiting
and imitation
As popular consumer brands which rely
on technological and design innovation
as defining characteristics,  the Group's
brands are a frequent target for counterfeiting and imitation.  To reduce the
loss of sales and the potential reputation damage resulting from counterfeit
products sold under our brand namesthe adidas Group makes use of extensive legal protection (generally through
registration) and works closely with law
enforcement authorities,  investigators
and outside counsel.  Although we have
stepped up measures such as product
security labelling with our authorised
suppliers,  continued development of
these measures remains a high priority
for 2010 and beyond. 
As in the prior year,  over eight million counterfeit adidas Group products
were seized worldwide in 2009. 
We continue to regard the likelihood
of sustained counterfeiting and imitation
as high in the short and medium term. 
However,  we believe we have adequate
costs budgeted to support our ongoing
efforts to successfully combat counter­
feiting and imitation.  We continue to
assess the potential risk of counterfeiting and imitation to negatively impact our
forecasted financial contribution as low. 

Social and environmental risks
We have a continuing responsibility to
our workers,  suppliers and the environment.  Malpractice in these areas,  in
particular human rights violations and
dubious employment practices,  can have
 significant impact on the reputation
and operational efficiency of our Group
and our suppliers.  To limit this riskwe have established workplace standards to which suppliers must conform
before and during business relationships
with the Group  see Sustainability,  p.  102. 
Internal inspections of supplier factories
verified by extensive independent audits
are conducted regularly.  In the event of
non-compliance with these standards,  we
develop joint action plans and set deadlines for compliance and further improvement.  If these deadlines are not metbusiness relations are terminated  see
Sustainability,  p.  102,  and
 www, adidas-Group. 
com /sustainability. 

In order to minimise the environmental impact of producing and distributing our products,  in 2009 the adidas
Group continued to proactively engage
in developing more environmentally
sustainable products which included the
first products from our 'Better Place"
programme  see Sustainability,  p.  102.  In
2010,  we intend to grow the share of
sustainable products by intensifying our
'Better Place" initiatives within all sports
categories of the adidas Sport Performance division. 
As a result,  we continue to regard
the risk of social and environmental malpractice as likely in only isolated cases
and we believe the potential financial
impact remains low. 

Natural risks
The adidas Group is exposed to external
risks such as natural disasters,  epidemics,  fire and accidents.  Further,  physical damage to our own or our suppliers'
premises,  production units,  warehouses
and stock in transit can lead to property
damage and business interruption.  These
risks are mitigated by ample loss prevention measures such as working with
reliable suppliers and logistics providers
who guarantee high safety standards and
disaster recovery plans.  In addition to the
considerable insurance coverage we have
secured,  the Group has also implemented
contingency plans to minimise potential
negative effects. 
Our overall assessment of this
risk is unchanged versus the prior year. 
As a result,  we believe the likelihood of
natural risks is low and expect only minor
financial loss after insurance compensation should natural risks materialise. 

Strategic and Operational Risks
Risks from loss of brand image
Maintaining and enhancing brand image
and reputation through the creation of
strong brand identities is crucial for
sustaining and driving revenue and profit
growth.  It is also an important credential
as we extend our brands into new categories and geographies.  The adidas Group
faces considerable risk if we are unable
to uphold high levels of consumer awareness,  affiliation and purchase intent for
our brands.  To mitigate this risk,  we have
defined clear mission statements,  values
and goals for all our brands.  These form
the foundation of our product and brand
communication strategies.  We also continually refine our product offering to
meet shifts in consumer demand and to
contemporise our offering to respond
to current trends.  Central to all our
brand image initiatives is ensuring clear
and consistent messaging to our targeted consumer audience,  in particular
at point-of-sale.  Market share gains at
TaylorMade and continued growth in the
adidas Sport Style division give us confidence that image risk for these brands
remains low. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 

  145

During the past twelve months,  the
launch of several new Reebok ­ roduct

initiatives such as EasyTone™ and
JUKARI Fit to Fly™ has started to improve
the overall consumer experience for the
Reebok brand and rebuild brand image
 see Reebok Strategy,  p.  70.  While these
results are encouraging,  the risk from
loss of brand image remains higher
at Reebok than in our other brandsalthough we believe the risk has moderated compared to the prior year. 
Aggregating these risks,  we now
believe that in the medium term brand
image risk for the Group has a low likelihood of occurrence.  Nevertheless,  a
significant deterioration in brand image
could have a high potential financial
impact on our Group. 

Own-retail risks
New adidas,  Reebok and Rockport
own-retail stores require considerable
up-front investment in furniture and fittings as well as ongoing maintenance. 
In ­ ddition,  own-retail activities often

require longer-term lease or rent commitments.  Retail also employs significantly more personnel in relation to net
sales than our wholesale business.  The
higher portion of fixed costs compared to
our wholesale business implies a larger
profitability impact in cases of significant
sales declines. 

146 

The Group reduces this risk by only
entering into lease contracts with a
duration of less than ten years.  Store
performance is measured by a retail
scorecard consisting of nine quantitative
key performance indicators.  All shops are
ranked by their weighted average score. 
Underperforming stores are restructured
or closed as appropriate. 
With improvements in consumer
spending expected to lag behind economic recovery in 2010,  the risk of a
lower performance of our retail stores
remains unchanged compared to the
prior year.  We therefore believe the
likelihood of major own-retail underperformance remains medium.  Due to the
ongoing growth of our own-retail activities as a percentage of Group sales,  we
continue to assess the potential financial
impact from own-retail underperformance,  which may also involve impairment
charges and store closures,  as medium. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 
Risks from rising input costs
Raw material and labour costs account
for approximately 70% of the Group's
cost of sales.  Prices of materials such as
rubber,  and those which closely correlate
with the oil price,  are especially subject
to the risk of price changes.  As our
ordering process and price negotiations
usually take place around six months
in advance of production,  our sourcing
function has visibility and reaction time to
manage and plan for sharp increases in
input costs. 
To reduce the financial impact on
our product margins from higher sourcing costs,  we are implementing further
lean manufacturing techniques at our
partner factories,  eliminating time and
cost from the procurement process,  reengineering our products and selectively
increasing prices where possible  see
Global Operations,  p.  88.  In addition,  in the
medium term we have the ability to adapt
our sourcing structure to take advantage of more competitive pricing in other
locations. 
As a result of the significant slowdown of global economic activity,  raw
material prices declined compared to the
prior year.  This development is forecasted
­
to positively impact our sourcing costs
in 2010.  As we begin planning for 2011renewed price increases cannot be
ruled out given the projected macroeconomic recovery.  Therefore,  we continue
to assess the medium-term risks from
rising input costs as having a medium
likelihood of occurrence and a medium
potential financial impact. 

Supplier default risks
Over 95% of our product offering is
sourced through independent suppliers mainly located in Asia  see Global
Operations,  p.  88.  To reduce the risk of business interruptions following a potential
supplier default,  we work with vendors
who demonstrate reliability,  qualityinnovation and continuous improvement. 
In addition,  we have bought insurance
coverage for the risk of business interruptions caused by physical damage to
supplier premises.  In 2009,  the Group
again significantly reduced the number
of independent manufacturers through
the further rationalisation of our supplier
organisation  see Global Operations,  p.  88. 
This exercise has allowed us to reduce
risk by simplifying our sourcing structure and focusing on the highest-quality
suppliers,  without compromising our
fl
­ exibility or competitiveness. 
Therefore,  we continue to assess
supplier risks as having a low likelihood
of occurrence and a low potential financial impact. 

Product quality risks
The adidas Group faces a risk of selling
defective products,  which may result
in injury to consumers and/or image
impairment.  We mitigate this risk
through rigorous testing prior to production,  close cooperation with suppliers
throughout the manufacturing processrandom testing after retail delivery,  open
communication about defective products
and quick settlement of product liability
claims when necessary.  In 2009,  we did
not recall any products. 
Our assessment of product quality risk remains unchanged versus the
prior year.  We regard the likelihood of
significant product liability cases or having to conduct wide-scale product recalls
as low.  As we have insurance protecting
us against the financial consequences of
significant product liability cases,  we also
assess the financial impact as low. 

Inventory risks
As we place initial production orders
around six months in advance of deliverythe adidas Group is exposed to inventory
risks relating to misjudging consumer
demand at the time of production planning.  A sudden decline in demand has
the potential to cause excess inventories. 
­
This can have negative implications
for our financial performance,  including higher levels of clearance activity
and inventory obsolescence as well as
reduced liquidity due to higher operating
working capital requirements. 
On the other hand,  a sudden
increase in demand can lead to product
shortfalls at the point of sale for both our
wholesale partners and own-retail operations.  In this situation,  our Group faces
the risk of missed sales opportunities
and/or customer and consumer disappointment,  which could lead to a reduction in brand loyalty and our reputation as
an on-time,  in-full supplier.  In additionthe Group faces potential profitability
impacts from costs such as air freight in
efforts to speed up replenishment. 
In order to mitigate these risks,  we
continuously strive to improve our forecasting and material planning ­ rocesses. 

Our replenishment programmes are
essential to shorten production lead
times,  ensuring availability of products
while avoiding excess inventories  see
Global Operations,  p.  88. 

In 2010,  compared to prior years,  precise
demand and inventory planning will
remain difficult,  given the lack of clarity on how rapidly consumer spending
will recover.  However,  compared to the
prior year,  our inventory situation has
improved substantially.  Therefore,  we
assess the associated inventory risk as
having a medium likelihood of occurrence
and medium potential financial impact on
our Group. 

Customer risks
Customer risks arise from our dependence on key customers who have the
ability to exert bargaining power and can
therefore cause considerable margin
pressure or cancel orders.  These risks
exist not only due to the relative size of
some of our major customers,  but also as
 result of our limited ability to influence
how they conduct business and the external impacts of the consumer environment
in which they operate. 
To limit these risks,  we utilise
 broad distribution strategy which
includes expanding our controlled space
activities.  This enables us to reduce
negative consequences resulting from
sales shortfalls that can occur with key
customers.  Specifically,  no customer of
our Group or any of our operating segments accounted for more than 10% of
Group sales in 2009. 

When necessary,  we also restrict or limit
the distribution of our products to protect
brand image or product margins.  By differentiating our product offer to customers,  we limit the risk of increased price
competition on specific products which
can result in margin erosion. 
Although the economic environment remains challenging,  given the
operational improvements taken by several retailers in 2009,  we believe the risk
of a strong reduction of business with
one of our biggest retailers now has a low
likelihood of occurrence.  Such an eventhowever,  could have a medium financial
impact on the sales and profitability of
the Group. 

Risks from loss of key event or
promotion partnerships
Event and promotion partnerships play
an important role in building brand
image and generating sales of licensed
products.  The adidas Group faces the
risk of either losing key partnerships or
having to accept unfavourable terms due
to intensified competition for attractive
contracts.  During 2009,  for example,  the
National Olympic Committee of China
and adidas decided not to renew their
promotion partnership. 
To mitigate these inherent risks,  we
regularly seek to extend our most important partnership agreements before contract expiry.  For example,  in 2009 adidas
extended its partnership with UEFA for
the UEFA EURO 2012™ and UEFA EURO
2016™ football championships,  as well
as for the UEFA Champions League  see
adidas Strategy,  p.  60. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 

  147

We also regularly include change-ofc
­ ontrol clauses as well as non-cash
compensation components in contracts
to avoid the risk that negotiations are
reduced solely to price.  In additionwe follow a strategy of broadening the
Group's portfolio of premium partnerships in order to reduce our reliance on
single affiliations. 
In 2009,  competition for top promotion partnerships continued to grow as
several smaller competitors increased
spending in this area.  As a result,  we
still believe there is a medium likelihood
of losing important individual promotion contracts.  Nevertheless,  given the

­ aturity of our most important contractswe assess the potential financial impact
of this risk to be low in the medium term. 

Product design and development risks
Innovative and attractive products generate strong sales and more importantly –
create a halo effect for other products. 
The speed with which new product technologies and fresh designs are brought to
market is decisive for maintaining competitive advantage.  In 2009,  all brands
generated the majority of their sales
with products which had been brought
to market over the past 12 to 18 months
 see Research and Development,  p.  92.  If the
adidas Group failed to maintain a strong
pipeline of new innovative products over
 sustained period of time,  we would
risk a significant sales decline.  We focus
on pursuing our innovation and design
strength.  To ensure we can quickly adapt
to changing consumer preferenceswe focus on streamlining research and
development processes to speed up the
time to market. 

148 

We continue to assess the occurrence
probability of this risk,  which could
potentially have a significant financial
impact,  as low. 

Personnel risks
Achieving the adidas Group's goal of
becoming the global leader in the sporting goods industry is highly dependent
on our employees and their talents.  Loss
of key personnel in strategic positionsto competitors or others,  is therefore a
significant risk we face.  In addition,  as
labour markets become increasingly
competitive,  we also face the risk of being
unable to identify,  recruit and retain the
most talented people that best meet the
specific needs of our Group.  To reduce
this risk and enable our employees
­
to make use of their full potential,  we
strongly engage in developing a motivating working environment.  Our goal is to
make the adidas Group the 'Employer of
Choice" within our industry.  This is supplemented by offering attractive reward
and incentive schemes as well as longterm career opportunities and planning
 see Employees,  p.  97. 
Our overall assessment of personnel risks remains unchanged compared
to the prior year.  Although we expanded
our own-retail activities (where employee
turnover is higher than the Group average) and increased our employee base in
emerging markets (where higher levels
of wage inflation increase the volatility
of the employment market) in 2009,  the
current economic environment is likely to
reduce employee turnover. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 
Therefore,  we continue to regard the
occurrence likelihood of these risks as
low.  Should these risks materialise,  they
could have a medium financial impact on
our Group. 

Risks from non-compliance
We face the risk that our employees
­
breach rules and standards that guide
appropriate and responsible ­ usiness

behaviour.  In order to successfully
manage this risk,  the Group Policy
Manual was launched at the end of
2006 to provide the framework for basic
work procedures and processes.  It
also includes a Code of Conduct which
stipulates that every employee shall act
ethically in compliance with the laws and
regulations of the legal systems where
they conduct Group business.  All of our
employees have to participate in a special
Code of Conduct training as part of our

­ lobal Compliance Programme  see
­Declaration on Corporate Governance including
the Corporate Governance Report,  p.  33. 

We continue to regard the likelihood of grave misconduct as low.  Should
they materialise,  these risks could have a
medium financial impact on the Group. 

IT risks
Key business processes including product marketing,  order management,  warehouse management,  invoice processingcustomer support and financial reporting are all dependent on IT systems.  A
significant systems outage or loss of
data could result in considerable disruptions to our business.  Insufficient project
management could delay the execution
of projects critical to the Group or make
them more expensive than planned. 
To mitigate these risks,  our IT
organisation proactively engages in
system preventive maintenance,  service
continuity planning and adherence to
applicable IT policies.  Data security is
managed by restricting user access
based on job description,  requiring password changes at predefined frequencies
on our most critical systems and adhering to data protection regulations.  We
perform multiple backups at alternating
data centre locations for the Group's core
enterprise resource planning system
(ERP) on a daily basis.  In addition,  for the
ERP system,  our contingency solution
allows us to quickly switch to a remote
site if necessary without any loss of
data.  System security,  controls and reliability are reviewed and tested by the
Internal Audit function. 

Our target availability of 997% for major
IT applications was exceeded in 2009. 
IT project risks are further mitigated by
utilising a proven project methodology
for all IT projects that includes tight cost
control and regular risk reviews for all
major projects.  In addition to these fundamental controls,  the adidas Group has
continued to focus on additional IT control initiatives in 2009.  These include the
development of a five-year IT Strategic
Plan aligned with and approved by senior
business management,  as well as the
periodic review and approval of IT project
budgets by a governance board.  A new
team was formed within our IT organisation to manage all compliance-related
activities,  including the phased implementation of Segregation of Duties (SOD)
controls within the ERP environment. 
Based on these factors,  we believe
the risk of a major IT default continues
to be low.  Such a default,  however,  would
result in a significant potential financial
impact. 

Financial Risks
Credit risks
 credit risk arises if a customer or other
counterparty to a financial instrument
fails to meet its contractual obligations. 
The adidas Group is exposed to credit
risk from its operating activities and from
certain financing activities.  Credit risks
arise principally from accounts receivable and to a lesser extent from other
contractual financial obligations such as
other financial assets,  short-term bank
deposits and derivative financial instruments  see Note 28,  p.  194.  Without taking
into account any collateral or other credit
enhancements,  the carrying amount of
financial assets represents the maximum
exposure to credit risk. 
At the end of 2009,  there was no
relevant concentration of credit risk by
type of customer or geography.  Insteadour credit risk exposure is mainly influenced by individual customer charac­
teristics.  Under the Group's credit
policy,  new customers are analysed for
creditworthiness before standard payment and delivery terms and conditions
are offered.  This review utilises external
ratings from credit agencies.  Tolerance
limits for accounts receivable are also
established for each customer.  Then both
creditworthiness and accounts receivable
limits are monitored on an ongoing basis. 
Customers that fail to meet the Group's
minimum creditworthiness are in general
allowed to purchase products only on
 prepayment basis.  Other activities to
mitigate credit risks,  which are employed
on a selective basis only,  include credit
insurances,  accounts receivable sales
without recourse and bank guarantees as
well as retention of title clauses. 

The Group utilises allowance accounts for
impairments that represent our estimate
of incurred credit losses with respect to
accounts receivable.  The allowance consists of two components:
(1) an allowance based on historical
experience of unexpected losses established for all receivables dependent on
the ageing structure of receivables past
due date,  and
(2) a specific allowance that relates
to individually assessed risk for each specific customer irrespective of ageing. 
At the end of 2009,  no Group customer accounted for more than 10% of
accounts receivable.  Nevertheless,  the
negative impact of the deterioration of
the global economy on consumer confidence and spending is not expected to be
reversed significantly in 2010 in view of
the still very challenging economic environment.  As a consequence,  we believe
that our overall credit risk level from
customers,  particularly smaller retailers,  remains high in several markets
 see Economic and Sector Development,  p.  112. 
Therefore,  our estimate of the likelihood
and potential financial impact of credit
risks from customers remains medium. 
Credit risks from other financial
­
contractual relationships include items
such as other financial assets,  shortterm bank deposits and derivative
financial instruments.  The adidas Group
Treasury department arranges currency
and interest rate hedges,  and invests
cash,  with major banks of a high credit
standing throughout the world.  adidas
Group companies are authorised to work
with banks rated 'BBB+" or higher. 

Only in exceptional cases are subsidiaries authorised to work with banks rated
lower than 'BBB+".  To limit risk in these
cases,  restrictions are clearly stipulated
such as maximum cash deposit levels.  In
addition,  the credit default swap premiums of our partner banks are monitored
on a weekly basis.  In the event that the
defined threshold is exceeded,  credit balances are shifted to banks compliant with
the limit.  During 2009,  the credit default
swap premiums for many banks declined
from their highs in the aftermath of
the financial turmoil in 2008,  mainly as
 result of governmental intervention
worldwide.  This development indicates a
slight decrease of the associated risks. 
Although financial market conditions stabilised in 2009,  we continue to
believe that the likelihood and potential financial impact of credit risks from
these assets is medium.  ­ everthelessN
we believe our risk concentration is
limited due to the broad distribution
of our investment business with more
than 24 banks.  At December 31,  2009no bank accounted for more than 19% of
our investment business and the average
concentration,  including subsidiaries'
short-term deposits in local banks,  was
1%.  This leads to a maximum exposure
of € 158 million in the event of default of
any single bank.  Furthermore,  we held
derivatives with a positive fair market
value in the amount of € 55 million.  The
maximum exposure to any single bank
resulting from these assets amounted to
€ 4 million and the average concentration
was 3%. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 

  149

N°

FUTURE CASH OUTFLOWS 1)

03

€ in millions
Up to 1
year 
As at December 312009
Bank borrowings incl. 
commercial paper
Private placements
Eurobond
Convertible bond
Accounts payable
Other financial
liabilities
Derivative financial
liabilities
Total
As at December 312008
Bank borrowings incl. 
commercial paper
Private placements
Convertible bond
Accounts payable
Other financial
liabilities
Derivative financial
liabilities
Total 
Between
 and 3
years 
Between
 and 5
years 
103
245
24

537
48

370
538

201

103
1353
610

1166

—

—

—

1166

21







23

81
1640

23
609


909


203

106
3361

539

374

261

—

—

—

748
1636
408
1218



28


265

80
4118

748
462
408
1218
25



57
2918

15
555

1) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

150 


380

After
 years 
Total 
Financing and liquidity risks
Liquidity risks arise from not having the
necessary resources available to meet
maturing liabilities with regard to timing,  volume and currency structure.  In
addition,  the adidas Group faces the risk
of having to accept unfavourable financing terms due to liquidity restraints. 
Our Group's Treasury department uses
an efficient cash management system
to manage liquidity risk.  At December
31,  2009,  Group cash and cash equivalents amounted to € 775 million (2008:
€ 244 million).  Moreover,  our Group
maintains € 22 billion bilateral shortterm credit lines and a € 2 billion committed medium-term syndicated loan
facility with international banks,  which
does not include a market disruption
clause.  The € 42 billion in credit lines
are designed to ensure sufficient liquidity
at all times.  In order to mitigate financing
risks and to reduce the dependence on
bank financing,  in 2009 the adidas Group
issued a German private placement in the
amount of € 200 million in two tranches
with a maturity of three and five years
respectively,  and a Eurobond in a nominal
amount of € 500 million with a maturity
of five years  see Treasury,  p.  128. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 
Future cash outflows arising from financial liabilities that are recognised in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet are presented in the adjacent table  see   03. 
This includes payments to settle obligations from borrowings as well as cash
outflows from cash-settled derivatives
with negative market values.  Financial
liabilities that may be settled in advance
without penalty are included on the basis
of the earliest date of potential repayment.  Cash flows for variable-interest
liabilities are determined with reference
to the conditions at the balance sheet
date. 
In 2009,  we reduced net debt by
€ 1272 billion,  which resulted in the
achievement of our medium-term target
of financial leverage below 50% at yearend.  As a result of this effort and in light
of our available credit lines,  financing
structure and business model,  we continue to regard the occurrence probability
of financing and liquidity risks,  which
could also lead to increased interest
costs,  as low.  Nevertheless,  failure to
maintain liquidity could have a high financial impact on Group performance. 

Currency risks
Currency risks for the adidas Group are
 direct result of multi-currency cash
flows within the Group.  The biggest single
driver behind this risk results from the
mismatch of the currencies required for
sourcing our products versus the denominations of our sales.  The vast majority
of our sourcing expenses are in US dollars while sales are denominated in
other currencies to a large extent most
notably the euro.  Our main exposures
are presented in the adjacent table  see 
 04.  The exposure from firm commitments and forecasted transactions was
calculated on a one-year basis. 
In line with IFRS 7 requirementswe have estimated the impact on net
income and shareholders' equity based
on changes in our most important currency exchange rates.  The calculated
impacts mainly result from fair value
changes of our hedging instruments. 
The analysis does not include effects
that arise from the translation of our
foreign entities' financial statements
into the Group's reporting currency.  The
sensitivity analysis is based on the net
balance sheet exposure,  including intercompany balances from monetary assets
and liabilities denominated in foreign

­ urrencies.  Moreover,  all outstanding
currency derivatives were re-evaluated
using hypothetical foreign exchange
rates to determine the effects on net
income and equity.  The analysis was performed on the same basis for both 2008
and 2009. 

Based on this analysis,  a 10% increase
in the euro versus the US dollar at
December 31,  2009 would have led to a
€ 1 million increase in net income.  The
more negative market values of the US
dollar hedges would have decreased
shareholders' equity by € 144 million.  A
10% weaker euro at December 31,  2009
would have led to a € 1 million decrease
in net income.  Shareholders' equity
would have increased by € 176 million
 see   05.  The impacts of fluctuations of
the euro against the British pound and of
the US dollar against the Japanese yen
on net income and shareholders' equity
are also included in accordance with IFRS
requirements. 
However,  many other financial and
operational variables that could potentially reduce the effect of currency fluctuations are excluded from the analysis. 
These include:
 
Interest rates and all other exchange
rates are assumed constant. 
 
Exchange rates are assumed at a
year-end value instead of the more
relevant sales-weighted average
figure,  which we utilise internally to
better reflect both the seasonality of
our business and intra-year currency
fluctuations. 
 
The underlying forecasted cash flow
exposure (which the hedge instrument
mainly relates to) is not required to be
revalued in this analysis. 

N°

EXPOSURE TO FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK 1)
USD

As at December 31,  2009
Exposure from firm commitments
and forecasted transactions
Balance sheet exposure including

­ntercompany exposure
Total gross exposure
Hedged with other cash flows
Hedged with currency options
Hedged with forward contracts
Net exposure
As at December 31,  2008
Exposure from firm commitments
and forecasted transactions
Balance sheet exposure including

­ntercompany exposure
Total gross exposure
Hedged with other cash flows
Hedged with currency options
Hedged with forward contracts
Net exposure 
GBP

N°

SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS OF FOREiGN EXCHANGE
RATE CHANGES  € in millions 
04

based on notional amounts,  € in millions 
05

USD

JPY

GBP

JPY

EUR +10%
(144)

EUR –10%
176
(1)

EUR +10%
21
(1)
EUR –10%
(25)


USD +10%
13

USD –10%
(13)
(1)

EUR +10%
(108)
10
EUR –10%
133
(13)

EUR +10%
17
(1)
EUR –10%
(20)


USD +10%
22
(1)
USD –10%
(21)


As at December 31,  2009
(2320)

237

199

(74)
(2394)
150
532
1659
(53)


245
—
—
(260)
(15)


200
—
(6)
(120)
73

Equity
Net income
Equity
Net income
As at December 31,  2008
Equity
Net income 
(2341)

323

339

(192)
(2533)
83
457
1294
(699)

(24)
299
—
(25)
(197)
77

(7)
332
—
(57)
(185)
90

Equity
Net income 
1) Rounding differences may arise in totals. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 

  151

 
Operational issues,  such as potential discounts to key accounts,  who
have high transparency regarding the
impacts of currency on our ­ ourcing

activities (due to their own private
label sourcing efforts),  are also
excluded from this presentation. 
Utilising a centralised currency risk
management system,  our Group
hedges currency needs for projected

­ ourcing requirements on a rolling 12to 24-month basis  see Treasury,  p.  128. 
Our goal is to have the vast majority of
our hedging volume secured six months
prior to the start of a given season.  In
rare instances,  hedges are contracted
beyond the 24-month horizon.  The Group
also largely hedges balance sheet risks. 
Due to our strong global position,  we
are able to minimise currency risk to a
large extent by utilising natural hedges. 
Nevertheless,  our net US dollar cash flow
exposure after natural hedges calculated
for 2010 was roughly € 23 ­ illion at yearb
end 2009,  which we hedged using forward
contracts,  currency options and ­ urrency

swaps  see   04.  Our Group's ­ reasury

Policy allows us to utilise hedging instruments,  such as currency options or
option combinations,  which provide protection while at the same time retaining the potential to benefit from future
favourable exchange rate developments
in the financial markets. 

152 

As 2010 hedging has almost been completed,  it is clear that conversion rates
on major currencies will be slightly less
favourable compared to those of 2009. 
Volume forecast variances,  greater currency volatility and an increasing portion
of our business in emerging markets
remain challenges with regard to currency risks in 2010.  In addition,  translation impacts from the conversion of
non-euro-denominated results into our
Group's functional currency,  the eurocould lead to a material negative or positive impact on our Group's financial performance.  Consequently,  we believe the
likelihood of currency risk impacting our
2010 financial performance is mediumhowever the potential financial impact
could be high. 

Interest rate risks
Changes in market interest rates affect
future interest payments for variableinterest liabilities.  As a result,  significant interest rate increases can have an
adverse effect on the Group's profitabilityliquidity and financial position. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 
In line with IFRS 7 requirements,  we have
analysed the impact of changes in the
Group's most important interest rates on
net income and shareholders' equity.  The
effect of interest rate changes on future
cash flows is excluded from this analysis. 
Nevertheless,  accrued interest,  which
­
is recognised as a liability,  has been
re-­ alculated based on the hypothetical

market interest rates as at December 312009.  Fair values for derivative ­nterest

rate instruments accounted for as cash
flow hedges were then re-evaluated
based on the hypothetical market interest rates with the resulting effects on
net income and equity included in the
sensitivity analysis.  The fair value interest
rate risk from private placements that
are hedged with fair value hedges was
also taken into consideration.  Howeverthe effect on the income statement from
changes in the fair values of hedged
items and hedging instruments attributable to interest rate changes was not
material.  Exclusions from this analysis
are as follows:
 
Some fixed-rate financial ­nstrumentsi
such as certificates of deposit,  which
our Group values at 'fair value
through profit or loss" due to the
short-term maturity of these

­nstruments.  Potential effects due to
changes in interest rates are considered immaterial and are not recognised in the sensitivity analysis. 
 
Other fixed-rate financial instruments are measured at amortised
cost.  Since a change in interest rates
would not change the carrying amount
of this category of instruments,  there
is no net income impact and they are
excluded from this analysis. 

The interest rate sensitivity analysis
assumes a parallel shift of the interest yield curve for all currencies and
was performed on the same basis for
both 2008 and 2009.  A 100 basis point
increase in interest rates at December
31,  2009 would have increased shareholders' equity by € 0 million (2008:
€ 4 million) and decreased net income
by € 1 million (2008: € 1 million).  A
100 basis point decrease of the interest
rates at December 31,  2009 would have
resulted in a € 0 million decrease in
shareholders' equity (2008: € 5 million)
and a € 1 million increase in net income
(2008: € 1 million). 
We believe the IFRS 7 interest rate
analysis represents a realistic if rough
estimate of our current interest rate risk. 
To moderate interest rate risks
and maintain financial flexibility,  a core
tenet of our Group's financial strategy
is to continue to use surplus cash flow
from operations to reduce net borrowings  see Treasury,  p. 128.  In light of the
low interest rate level in North America
and Europe,  and the easing of government fiscal action to stimulate economic
growth,  the risk of upward interest rate
adjustments has increased compared to
the prior year.  Therefore,  we now believe
that the likelihood of a Group-wide interest rate increase has risen to medium. 
Nevertheless,  given the increase in our
Group's portion of longer-term fixed rate
financing in 2009,  we continue to project
any potential interest rate increases as
having a low financial effect. 

External and Industry
Opportunities
Favourable macroeconomic and
fiscal policy changes
Since we are a consumer goods company,  consumer confidence and spending can impact our sales development. 
Therefore,  better than initially forecasted
macroeconomic developments and fiscal
policy changes which support increased
discretionary private consumption can
have a positive impact on our sales
and profitability.  In addition,  legislative
changes,  e.g.  with regard to the taxation
of corporate profits,  can positively impact
Group profitability. 
Growing importance of sports
to fight obesity
Governments are increasingly promoting

­ iving an active lifestyle to fight obesity
and cardiovascular disease.  According to
the World Health Organization,  around
400 million people were considered
obese in 2005.  A further 16 billion more
were estimated to be overweight.  These
numbers are projected to increase to
700 million and 23 billion respectively
by 2015.  Once considered a problem
only in affluent nations,  obesity is also
becoming an issue in countries with
low per capita income.  This development has serious health consequences
and a dramatic effect on health care
expenditures.  As a result,  governments
and non-­ overnmental organisations

are ­ncreasing their efforts to promote

a healthy lifestyle and encourage sports
participation.  Given our strong ­ arket

position,  in particular in categories
considered suitable for weight loss such
as training,  running and swimming,  we
expect to benefit from this trend. 

Ongoing fusion of sport and lifestyle
The border between pure athletics
and lifestyle continues to blur as sport
becomes a more integral part in the lives
of more and more consumers.  People
want to be fashionable when engaging in
sporting activities without compromising on quality or the latest technological
advances.  At the same time,  performance
features and styles are finding their way
into products meant for more leisureo
­ riented use.  We estimate the global
sports lifestyle market to be at least
three times larger than the performance
market.  This development opens up additional opportunities for our Group and
our brands which already enjoy strong
positions in this market. 

Emerging markets as long-term
growth drivers
According to estimates by the United
Nations,  the global population is projected to grow from currently 68 ­ illion

to 7 billion by the end of 2012 and is
estimated to surpass 9 billion by 2050. 
 large portion of this growth is being
driven by emerging economies.  Rising
­
employment rates and real incomes
and a growing middle class are fuelling
these economies and subsequently our
industry.  Sports participation in most
of these countries has historically been
lower than in industrialised countries. 
We expect sports participation rates
to increase over time with increasing

­eisure time,  investment in infrastructure
and the broadening of awareness of the
benefits of physical activity.  In additionEuropean and North American sporting
goods brands are often seen as easily
­
accessible,  affordable luxury goods
which presents an additional growth
opportunity. 

Corporate Opportunity Overview 
N°

06

External and industry opportunities
Favourable macroeconomic and fiscal policy changes
Growing importance of sports to fight obesity
Ongoing fusion of sport and lifestyle
Emerging markets as long-term growth drivers
Women's segment offering long-term potential
Increasing consumer demand for functional apparel
Growing popularity of 'green" products
Strategic and operational opportunities
Strong market positions worldwide
Multi-brand approach
Personalisation and customisation replacing mass wear
Exploiting potential of new and fast-growing sports categories
Breaking new ground in distribution
Cost optimisation drives profitability improvements
Financial opportunities
Favourable financial market changes 
Women's segment offers
long-term potential
In our opinion,  the women's sports
market is one of the most attractive

­ egments in the sporting goods industry
with women accounting for more than
 third of total spending on athletic
footwear.  Our Group still generates the
majority of its revenues in men's and
unisex categories.  The adidas Group
will continue to invest in developing
women-specific ­ roduct offerings in

both performance and lifestyle that
emphasise female individualityauthenticity and style.  Examples today
include adidas by Stella McCartneyEasyTone™ footwear at Reebok,  and the
Women's Burner® 09 at TaylorMade. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 

  153

Increasing consumer demand for
functional apparel
Consumer demand for functional apparel
has increased significantly in recent
years as consumers realise the benefits
of functional apparel over traditional cotton sportswear.  Improved moisture management,  superior ease of motion and
increased comfort are all factors encouraging consumers to switch to highp
­ erformance gear.  The design and development of functional apparel requires
significantly more expertise,  product and
material research as well as production
know-how compared to low-tech apparel. 
Therefore,  only a few companies are able
to supply high-end functional apparel. 
Our resources and our positioning as a
sports performance leader enable us to
constantly develop innovative products
and capitalise on them. 

154 

Growing popularity of 'green" products
Today's consumers are increasingly concerned about the impact their consumption has on the environment.  Thereforethey demand more and more products
that are environmentally benign.  Over
the past two years,  we have accelerated
our efforts to create meaningful product
platforms to drive growth in this area.  For
example,  in 2009,  the first products from
the adidas "Better Place" programme
were introduced globally.  Products
and packaging in the programme are
designed taking sustainability principles
into account,  such as broadening the use
of recycled materials and monitoring
energy use in material and product preparation.  With all adidas performance categories participating in the programmewe are moving forward with ambitious
plans in the build-up to the London 2012
Olympic Games  see ­Sustainability,  p.  102. 
Reebok has also been steadily introducing eco-friendly products.  In 2010,  for
example,  Reebok will launch the Kid's
Green Easy Collection utilising recycled
­
raw materials.  Our efforts to use environmentally friendly materials in our
products are of course not exclusive
to these specific programmes and are
also used in other categories,  albeit to a
lesser extent. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 
Strategic and Operational
Opportunities
Strong market positions worldwide
The adidas Group is the market leader
in numerous countries around the world. 
This strong competitive position offers
us many advantages in terms of global
brand visibility,  market power and the
ability to effectively expand our position
in emerging markets.  As a result of our
strong partnership portfolio and marketing efforts,  consumers around the globe
are highly aware of our brands and are
receptive to our brand messaging.  This
makes demand for our products more
stable compared to smaller competitors. 
Hence,  many retailers consider our products as core to their offering.  The adidas
Group can therefore compete more effectively for shelf space. 
Multi-brand approach
We believe there is a natural limit to the
audience size a single brand can appeal
to,  given the diverse tastes and expectations of a highly fragmented consumer
market.  Our multi-brand approach
provides us with the opportunity to leverage the power of our brands in a more
precise and meaningful way  see Group
Strategy,  p.  52.  We are able to utilise the
combined strengths of each brand to
compete for a higher percentage of the
total market covering a greater number
of demographics,  consumer needs and
price points. 

Personalisation and customisation
replacing mass wear
Today's consumers are looking for choice
and variety that go beyond ­ hoosing

from a wide selection of products.  We
engage in developing unique and ­ elevant

products that fit specific functional and
aesthetic requirements  see Group
Strategy,  p.  52.  For example,  the adidasReebok and TaylorMade brands all offer
different personalisation and customisation platforms reflecting each brand's
strategy.  Key concepts at adidas include
mi Performance,  mi Originals and
mi Team.  In 2009,  Reebok launched the
'Your ­ eebok" iPhone application,  which

enables consumers to design and order
personalised footwear with their mobile
phones.  At TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  the
myTPball online platform offers customers the opportunity to create and order
their own golf balls and our Centers of
Excellence™ provide customised fitting
sessions for consumers with expert
fitters and technicians.  We expect the
market for personalised and customised
footwear,  apparel and hardware to grow
strongly and evolve further in the coming
years and will therefore continue to invest
in the space.  For example,  in February
2009,  we acquired Bones in Motion,  Inc, a specialist in developing,  manufacturing
and selling sports- and fitness-specific
location-aware software applications
and web-based services.  This strategic
move extended our innovation capabilities to further exploit the growing market
of interactive,  personalised training
systems. 

Exploiting potential of new and fastgrowing sports categories
Exploiting the potential of emergingfast-growing sports categories is another
opportunity for our brands.  Our brand
teams conduct market research and
engage in trend marketing to detect
changes in lifestyle and consumer needs
of their target audience as early as possible.  Changes in lifestyle,  habits and

­ ttitudes can potentially result in the
emergence of new consumer needs that
are not addressed by current market
product offerings.  For example,  muscle
toning footwear has evolved into a meaningful category,  particularly for those
who want to keep fit with a minimum
investment of time.  The toning category
was the fastest-growing footwear category in the USA in 2009.  According to
market surveys such as those conducted
by SportsONESource,  the toning category
is forecasted to grow rapidly in ­ oming

years,  potentially to levels of about
one billion US dollars.  Having successfully launched the Reebok EasyTone™
in 2009,  the Reebok brand will introduce
additional styles and extensions within
this category over the next two to three
years. 

Breaking new ground in distribution
The sporting goods retail environment is
changing constantly.  People increasingly
want to get involved with our brands.  We
therefore continue to adapt our distribution strategy to cater to this change and
have made controlled space initiatives
 strategic priority.  This includes retail
space management with key retail partners as well as the introduction of new
own-retail store formats.  For example
in 2009,  we launched Originals shop-inshops with several key retail partners
particularly in Europe and introduced
our first adidas SLVR store in New York. 
In addition,  in 2009 we also established
 new dedicated team to take charge
of our global e-commerce activities. 
Through initiatives like these,  we believe
we will be able to more effectively target
consumers and involve them emotionally
with our products. 

Cost optimisation drives profitability
improvements
Continued optimisation of key business
processes and strict cost control are
vital to achieving high profitability and
return on invested capital.  We believe
there is still significant opportunity
to further streamline cost structures
throughout our Group.  In North Americafor example,  we believe we will be able
to realise medium-term economies
of scale as we look for possibilities to
further integrate adidas and Reebok
functions.  In addition,  we continue
­
searching for ways to increase efficiency
in our supply chain and make it truly
demand-driven.  For example,  as a
result of our 'Fast and Lean Creation"
programme,  roles and responsibilities
will be restructured to reduce costly
non-value-added administration and
data entry,  allowing our development
teams to focus on their core tasks. 
Furthermore,  by implementing end-toend planning processes and improving
our replenishment capabilities,  we see
opportunities to not only better serve
our customers but also to reduce our
operating working capital needs  see
Global Operations,  p.  88.  Another example
in this respect is the reduction of
the number of articles,  which reduces
workload in the creation area and
warehouse costs,  and allows us to
offer more focused ranges to our retail
partners. 

Financial Opportunities
Favourable financial market changes
Favourable exchange and interest rate
developments can potentially have a
positive impact on the Group's financial
results.  Our Group Treasury department
closely monitors the financial markets to
identify opportunities  see Treasury,  p.  128. 
Management Assessment of Overall
Risk and Opportunities
Management aggregates all risks
reported by different business units and
functions.  Based on the compilation of
risks taking into account the occurrence likelihood and potential financial
impact and the current business outlook
explained within this report adidas
Group Management does not foresee any
individual or aggregate risks which could
materially jeopardise the viability of the
Group as a going concern.  Management
remains confident that the Group's earnings power forms a solid basis for our
future business development and provides the necessary resource to pursue
the opportunities available to the Group. 
Nonetheless,  in the short term,  due to
ongoing macroeconomic challenges and
their negative impact on private consumption and consumer spending,  we
believe that the adidas Group risk profile
remains unchanged compared to the
prior year. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Risk and Opportunity Report 

  155

Subsequent Events and Outlook
In 2010,  most major economies are forecasted to recover from the severe global recession in 2009.  Although consumer spending
is expected to lag behind GDP growth,  this development is projected to have a moderately positive impact on the sporting goods
industry and our Group.  Based on our extensive pipeline of new product and marketing initiatives,  we expect top- and bottomline improvements in our Group's financial results compared to the prior year.  We forecast adidas Group sales to increase at a
low- to mid-single-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis due to growth in the Wholesale and Retail segments as well as in Other
Businesses.  Group gross margin is expected to increase to a level between 46% and 47%,  primarily as a result of lower input
costs and less clearance sales.  Operating margin is forecasted to be around 65%.  As a result,  we project earnings per share to
grow to a level between € 190 and € 215. 

Subsequent Events
Memorandum of Understanding
signed with Pou Sheng International
(Holdings) Limited
In January 2010,  adidas (China) Ltd. 
signed a Memorandum of Understanding
for the business activities of the Reebok
brand in China with the Chinese sporting
goods retailer Pou Sheng International
(Holdings) Limited.  Both parties intend
­
to enter into an agreement under which
Pou Sheng will co-design,  manufacture
and become key distributor of Reebok
branded footwear and apparel in China. 
 final agreement is expected to be
reached in the second quarter of 2010. 
The new set-up will enable Reebok
to more effectively meet local market
­
tastes and accelerate time-to-market. 
We forecast this strategic change to
support the brand's turnaround in China
and project a positive medium-term
impact on ­ eebok's market position and

profitability. 

156 

Lawsuit settled
In January,  adidas Group settled a lawsuit.  The settlement will have a positive
low-double-digit million euro impact on
the Group's financial results in 2010. 
Trademark divested
In January,  adidas Group sold a trademark.  The divestiture will have a positive
low-double-digit million euro impact on
the Group's financial results in 2010. 
No other subsequent changes
Since the end of 2009,  there have been no
other significant organisation,  management,  economic,  sociopolitical,  legal or
financing changes which we expect to
influence our business materially going
forward. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Subsequent Events and Outlook 
Outlook
Economic uncertainties and risks
remain challenges to Group business
outlook
Expectations for the development of
the global economy and the sporting
goods industry in 2010 are subject to
 high degree of uncertainty.  Although
economic indicators signalled an
improvement in the overall macro­
economic climate towards the end of
2009,  the sustain­ bility of the recovery

is difficult to assess.  According to some
market participants,  recent growth
momentum was primarily built upon
fiscal and monetary stimuli packages
implemented by many countries rather
than a fundamental economic upswing. 
As a result,  economic forecasts provided
by various governmental bodies and
research institutes differ considerably
in their evaluation of global and regional
GDP development. 

Moreover,  due to record high unemployment rates in many countries,  consumer
confidence and private consumption are
forecasted to remain subdued.  Consequently,  the extent to which the adidas
Group will benefit from GDP improvements is currently difficult to foresee. 

Global economy expected to return
to modest growth in 2010
According to the World Bank,  in 2010
growth of the global economy is projected
to return to a growth rate of approximately 27%,  mainly attributable to a
strong upswing of industrial activity and
improving financial market conditions. 
However,  the potential for ­nflationary

pressures as a result of extensive

­ onetary easing measures implemented
by many governments poses a considerable downward risk to worldwide growth
prospects. 

In Europe,  GDP in the Euro Zone is
expected to grow at a low rate of around
10% in 2010.  The region is likely to
benefit from positive spillover effects
of expansive fiscal and monetary policy
measures on domestic consumption as
well as improving global demand.  However,  tight credit markets are forecasted
to remain a constraint for corporate
investments. 
European emerging markets are
estimated to grow at around 31% in
2010.  Economies such as Russia and
Turkey are forecasted to be positively
impacted by rising commodity pricessteadily improving private consumption
and rising exports,  albeit significantly
below pre-crisis levels. 
In North America,  GDP is also
projected to return to growth of approximately 25% versus the prior year.  The
unprecedented government intervention
in the USA is expected to have positive
stimulus on both private consumption
and corporate investment activity,  in
particular in the first half of 2010.  Due to
increasing household spending,  imports
are also projected to increase.  Nevertheless,  wealth losses in the course of the
financial crisis and record-high unemployment rates continue to weigh on
domestic demand. 

In Asia,  growth rates are expected to
accelerate in 2010,  particularly in emerging markets.  While countries such as
China,  India and Indonesia are likely to
be positively affected by a rebound in
exports,  the economy in China should
also continue to see the positive effects
from government stimulus packages
spill over into domestic demand.  As a
result,  GDP for emerging markets in
Asia is forecasted to grow around 80%
in 2010.  Japan's economy is estimated
to expand at around 13% in 2010 versus
the prior year.  This mainly relates to
modestly growing domestic and foreign
demand for Japanese products as inventory clearance measures come to an end
worldwide,  as well as planned additional
government stimulus measures. 
In Latin America,  growth rates are
likely to increase to a level of around
31% in 2010.  Private consumptionexport activity and capital expenditures
are expected to increase in most major
markets.  Due to the strong dependence
on demand for commodities,  economic
growth in many of the region's countries
is likely to be positively impacted by the
overall global economic improvement. 

Global sporting goods industry
to expand only moderately
In 2010,  we expect the global sporting
­
goods industry to expand.  Howevergrowth is projected to be moderate with
considerable regional differences.  Mature
markets such as the USA and Western
Europe are faced with high unemployment rates having adverse effects on
consumer confidence and spending. 
Moreover,  the promotional and pricesensitive retail environment is predicted
to improve only slowly.  Emerging markets
such as Latin America are expected to
post slightly accelerating growth rates. 
Western European sporting goods
industry to remain stable
Developed Western European markets
such as France,  Germany and the UK
are expected to benefit from positive
momentum related to the 2010 FIFA
World Cup™,  in particular in the first
half of the year.  However,  growing
football sales are likely to be partly
offset by declining sales in other
sports categories.  Moreover,  the
retail environment in Western Europe
also remains challenging due to low
consumer confidence and spending. 
In light of record-high unemployment
rates in many of the region's countriesthis is not expected to improve
significantly over the course of 2010. 

Sales in European emerging markets
to improve moderately
After a decline of sporting goods sales
in European emerging markets in 2009industry sales are expected to improve
in 2010,  albeit moderately.  Although the
effects of the macroeconomic turmoil on
consumer demand remain pronouncedindustry sales are expected to also

­ enefit from the 2010 FIFA World Cup™
as well as retail expansion. 
North American sporting goods
market highly price-sensitive
The North American sporting goods
market is expected to remain approximately stable compared to the prior year. 
However,  due to high unemployment
rates,  consumers are likely to continue
delaying purchases,  remaining selective
and price-sensitive.  The outlook for the
different sport categories is mixed.  While
traditional ­ ategories such as basketball

and ­ lassics are forecasted to decline

slightly,  the emerging toning category is
forecasted to grow strongly.  We expect
retail consolidation and rationalisation
to remain in the focus of many market
participants. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Subsequent Events and Outlook 

  157

Greater China sporting goods
market continues to grow
In Greater China,  the sporting goods
industry's footprint is expected to continue expanding in 2010,  albeit at considerably lower rates compared to 2008. 
While the first half year development will
still be depressed due to the clearance of
excess inventory at retail,  growth is likely
to be more pronounced in the second
half.  Rising income levels and growing
sports participation rates are expected
to support the trend.  In addition,  the
expansion of local brands will positively
contribute to industry development. 
Other Asian markets sporting goods
sales mixed
In other Asian markets,  sporting goods
sales development is expected to differ
from region to region.  While sales in
Japan are forecasted to decline slightly
as a result of the negative effects from
low levels of private consumption and
consumer confidence,  emerging Asian
countries such as India or Vietnam are
projected to post solid growth.  This
mainly relates to rising income levels
in these countries as well as to governmental programmes aimed at increasing sports participation among the
population. 

158 

Latin American sporting goods industry
affected by higher import duties
In Latin America,  growth of the sporting
goods industry is expected to continue in
2010,  also fuelled by the positive impact
of sales related to the 2010 FIFA World
Cup™ in South Africa.  Neverthelesshigher import duties in key markets such
as Brazil are forecasted to dampen the
industry growth prospects for international manufacturers  see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  140. 
adidas Group sales to be at least in
line with economic growth rates
Based on our strength in innovationoperational execution and regional
diversification,  we are confident that the
Group's net sales increase in 2010 will
be at least in line with the growth rates
of the global economy.  We also expect
Group sales growth to be at least in
line with the overall development of the
sporting goods industry. 
adidas Group sales to increase at a
low- to mid-single-digit rate in 2010
We expect adidas Group sales to increase
at a low- to mid-single-digit rate on a
currency-neutral basis in 2010.  Despite
the projected global economic recoverysales development will be negatively
tempered by a slow turnaround in consumer demand and continuing cautious
retailer behaviour.  This will be a result of
sustained high unemployment rates in
many major markets and only moderate
improvements in consumer confidence. 
However,  positive impacts from the 2010
FIFA World Cup™,  our high exposure to
fast-growing emerging markets as well
as improvements at the Reebok brand
are forecasted to more than offset these
negative effects. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Subsequent Events and Outlook 
Currency-neutral Wholesale revenues
expected to increase moderately
We project currency-neutral Wholesale
segment revenues to increase at a lowsingle-digit rate compared to the prior
year.  Order backlog development as
well as positive retailer and trade show
feedback support our growth expectations for 2010.  Currency-neutral adidas
Sport Performance sales are forecasted
to increase,  supported by strong football
sales in connection with the 2010 FIFA
World Cup™,  for which adidas is an
Official Sponsor.  Sales in other major

­ ategories are expected to decline. 

­ didas Sport Style revenues are projected
to increase on a currency-neutral basis
as a result of increasing momentum in
new product lines,  such as adidas Style
Essentials.  Currency-neutral ­ eebok

sales are expected to increase due to
double-digit revenue growth in Women's
Fitness as well as improvements in the
Men's Training category. 

Retail sales to increase at a
high-single-digit rate on a
currency-neutral basis
adidas Group currency-neutral Retail
segment sales are projected to grow at
 high-single-digit rate in 2010.  Expansion of the Group's own-retail store
base will be the primary driver of the
revenue increase.  The Group expects a
net increase of its store base by around
125 adidas and Reebok stores in 2010depending on the timing and availability
of desired locations.  We forecast to open
around 150 new stores.  New stores will
primarily be located in emerging markets in Eastern Europe.  Approximately
25 stores will be closed over the course
of the year.  Around 200 stores will be
remodelled.  Comparable store sales are
expected to increase at a low-single-digit
rate compared to the prior year.  Due to
ongoing high price sensitivity of consumers,  factory outlets are expected to
perform better than concept stores as a
result of lower average price points. 
Currency-neutral sales of Other
Businesses to increase at a
low-single-digit rate
In 2010,  revenues of Other Businesses
are expected to increase at a low-singledigit rate on a currency-neutral basis. 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf revenues are
projected to be stable compared to the
prior year.  The positive effect from new
TaylorMade product launches in core
categories such as metalwoods and irons
will be offset by the non-recurrence of
prior year Ashworth sales from a licensing agreement with a competitor that
was terminated in the first half of 2009. 
Revenues at Rockport and Reebok-CCM
Hockey are forecasted to increase as a
result of improvements in the brands'
product portfolio and better consumer
reception. 

adidas Group sales development
expected to differ regionally
We expect Group currency-neutral

­ evenue development to differ regionally
in 2010.  In Western Europe,  we expect
 positive stimulus for Group revenues
from sales related to the 2010 FIFA World
Cup™.  However,  we believe macroeconomic pressures on consumer spending
will continue to have an adverse effect on
Group sales development in this region. 
In European Emerging Markets,  the stabilisation of the Russian rouble compared
to 2009,  as well as gradual improvements
in underlying consumption trends in several of the region's markets are expected
to have a positive impact on Group sales
development.  In North America,  we
expect to benefit from our strong market
position in the emerging toning category. 
However,  ongoing high price sensitivity
among consumers as well as cautious
retailer buying habits are projected to
continue to weigh on Group sales growth
in this region.  In Greater China,  further
initiatives to manage inventory levels at
retail are expected to result in declining sales versus the prior year in the
first half of 2010.  In the second half
year,  Group revenues in this region are
forecasted to increase again.  In Other
Asian Markets,  overall macroeconomic
challenges in the Japanese market will
burden Group sales development while
the region's emerging markets are
expected to perform robustly.  Lastly,  in
Latin America,  the strong positioning of
our brands as well as positive impetus
from sales associated with the 2010 FIFA
World Cup™ are projected to result in
revenue growth for the Group in 2010. 

Group gross margin to improve in 2010
In 2010,  the adidas Group gross margin
­
is forecasted to increase to a level
between 46% and 47% (2009: 454%). 
Improvements are expected in all
segments.  Group gross margin will
benefit from lower levels of clearance
sales compared to the prior year.  This will
be a result of a lower inventory position
at the ­ eginning of 2010 compared to

the prior year.  In addition,  sourcing costs
are expected to decline compared to the
prior year as a result of reduced material
­
costs and lower capacity utilisation
among suppliers.  However,  these positive
effects are expected to be partly offset
by several negative impacts: Ongoing
price pressures from a highly competitive
retail environment,  in particular in more
mature markets,  are forecasted to have a
negative impact on Group gross margin. 
In addition,  hedging terms in 2010 will
be less favourable compared to the
prior year.  Finally,  the recent increase
of import duties in Latin America is
projected to negatively affect Group gross
margin. 

N°

Major 2010 product launches 
01

Product 
Brand 
Launch Month 
adiPURE™ football boot
STAR WARS™ Originals line
Supernova™ GLIDE running shoe
miCoach training system
adiSTAR® Salvation running shoe
adidas by Stella McCartney performance cycling collection
TECHFIT™ PowerWEB™ men's training apparel
UEFA Champions League Finale ball and footwear package
TERREX outdoor apparel and footwear
SUPER TREKKING outdoor footwear
2010 FIFA World Cup™ package
F50 football boot
Supernova™ Sequence and Supernova™ Riot running shoes
Men's and women's Fluid training shoes
High Performance BOUNCE™ running shoe
adidas Basketball Team Signature collection
Training Day collection men's training apparel
Cirque du Soleil collection
RunTone™ men's footwear
U-Form 4-Speed football cleat
ZigEnergy and ZigFuel men's footwear
TrainTone™ women's footwear
Reebok  Emporio Armani footwear
JUKARI Fit to Flex™ women's footwear
JumpTone™ men's footwear
Reebok  EA7 collection
ZigSlash and ZigReenergize basketball footwear
Burner® SuperFast driver and fairway woods
Burner® W (women's) golf ball
R9™ SuperTri driver
Rossa® Monza® Spider Vicino putter
Burner® SuperLaunch irons
Men's FORMOTION™ apparel
Men's/women's CLIMACOOL® apparel with soft-touch COOLMAX™
Men's adiPURE™ apparel
Women's adiPURE™ apparel
Men's/women's EZ-Tech Performance
Men's/women's Doeskin Outerwear
TruWALK men's and women's footwear
Reebok 11K skates
CCM U+™ OCTOLIGHT stick
CCM U+™ PRO Protective 
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
adidas
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
Reebok
TaylorMade
TaylorMade
TaylorMade
TaylorMade
TaylorMade
adidas Golf
adidas Golf
adidas Golf
adidas Golf
Ashworth
Ashworth
Rockport
Reebok Hockey
CCM Hockey
CCM Hockey 
January
January
January
January
January
January
February
March
March
March
March
June
June
June
August
November
January
February
March
May
June
June
June
July
July
August
October
January
February
February
March
April
January
January
February
May
September
September
August
January
April
April 
GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Subsequent Events and Outlook 

  159

adidas Group 2010 Outlook 
Currency-neutral sales
Gross margin
Operating margin
Earnings per share 
160 

N°

02
low- to mid-single-digit increase
46% to 47%
around 65%
€ 190 to € 215

Group operating expenses to decrease
as a percentage of sales
In 2010,  the Group's operating expenses
as a percentage of sales are expected to
decrease modestly (2009: 423%).  Sales
and marketing working budget expenses
as a percentage of sales are expected to
increase modestly versus the prior year
to support adidas presence at the 2010
FIFA World Cup™ as well as to sustain
Reebok's growth strategy in muscle
toning and conditioning.  However,  this
increase will be more than offset by
lower operating overhead expenditures
as a percentage of sales.  This will be
largely due to the continued hiring freeze
in non-retail-related functions and various efficiency improvement measures
introduced in 2009,  such as the implementation of joint operating models for
the adidas and Reebok brands and the
elimination of regional headquarters. 
These efficiency gains will outweigh
higher administrative and personnel
expenses in the Retail segment as a
result of the build-up of management
expertise and the planned expansion of
the Group's store base. 
We expect the number of ­ mployees

within the adidas Group to increase
versus the prior year level.  Ongoing
initiatives to streamline our organisation
are forecasted to be more than offset by
new hirings related to own-retail expansion.  The majority of new hirings will
be employed on a part-time basis and
located in emerging markets. 

  GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Subsequent Events and Outlook 
The adidas Group will continue to spend
around 1% of sales on research and
development in 2010.  Areas of particular
focus include training,  running,  footballbasketball and outdoor at adidas,  and
women's fitness and men's training at
Reebok  see Research and Developmentp.  92.  The number of ­ mployees working

in research and development throughout the Group will remain virtually
unchanged in 2010. 

Operating margin to show improvement
In 2010,  we expect the operating margin
for the adidas Group to be around 65%
(2009: 49%).  Gross margin improvements
as well as lower operating expenses as
 percentage of sales are expected to
contribute to the improvement compared
to the prior year. 
Earnings per share to increase to a
level between € 190 and € 215
Earnings per share are expected to
increase strongly to a level between
€ 190 and € 215 (2009 diluted earnings
per share: € 122).  Top-line improvement and an increased operating margin
will be the primary drivers of this positive development.  In addition,  we expect
lower interest rate expenses as a result
of a lower average level of net borrowings
in 2010 compared to the prior year.  The
Group tax rate is expected to be slightly
below the prior year level (2009: 315%)
as a result of the non-recurrence of prior
year charges related to the write­ own of

deferred tax assets. 

Operating working capital as a
percentage of sales to improve
Improving operating working capital
management continues to be a ­ riority

in our efforts to optimise cash flow from
operations.  In 2010,  our goal is to reduce
average operating working capital as
 percentage of sales (2009: 243%). 
Optimisation of order volumes based on
expected sales development and rigorous monitoring of inventory ageing are
at the forefront of our activities.  We will
also focus on tightly managing accounts
receivable and payment terms with our
suppliers. 
Investment level to be between
€ 300 million and € 400 million
In 2010,  investments in tangible and
intangible assets are expected to amount
to € 300 million to € 400 million (2009:
€ 240 million).  Investments will focus
on adidas and Reebok controlled space
initiatives,  in particular in emerging
markets.  These investments will account
for almost 50% of total investments in
2010.  Other areas of investment include
the further development of the adidas
Group Headquarters in HerzogenaurachGermany,  and the increased deployment
of SAP and other IT systems in major
subsidiaries within the Group.  The most
important factors in determining the
exact level and timing of investments will
be the rate at which we are able to successfully secure own-retail opportunities. 
All investments within the adidas Group
in 2010 are expected to be fully financed
through cash generated from operations. 

Excess cash to be used
to reduce net debt
In 2010,  we expect continued positive
cash flows from operating activities.  Cash
will be used to finance working capital
needs,  investment activities,  as well as
dividend payments.  Tight working capital
management and disciplined investment
activities are expected to help optimise
the Group's free cash flow in 2010.  We
intend to largely use excess cash to
further reduce net borrowings,  which we
forecast to be below the prior year level
at year-end.  Following the achievement
of our medium-term goal of financial
leverage below 50% in 2009,  we now
aim to maintain a ratio of net borrowings over EBITDA of less than two times
(2009 ratio: 12). 
Efficient liquidity management in
place for 2010 and beyond
Efficient liquidity management continues
to be a priority for the adidas Group in
2010.  We focus on continuously anticipating the cash inflows from the operating
activities of our Group segments,  as this
represents the main source of liquidity
within the Group.  Liquidity is forecasted
on a multi-year financial and liquidity
plan on a quarterly basis.  Long-term
liquidity is ensured by continued positive
free cash flows and sufficient unused
committed and uncommitted credit facilities.  In 2010,  we expect limited financing
activities in order to replace maturing
credit facilities  see Treasury,  p.  128. 

Management to propose
dividend of € 035
In light of the strong cash flow generation
in 2009 and the significantly reduced
level of net borrowings,  Management has
decided to change its dividend policy. 
Going forward,  we intend to pay out
between 20 and 40% of net income
attributable to shareholders (previously:
15 to 25%).  At our Annual General
Meeting on May 6,  2010,  we intend to
propose a dividend per share of € 035
for the financial year 2009 (2008: € 050). 
Subject to shareholder approval,  the
dividend will be paid on May 7,  2010. 
The proposal represents a payout
ratio of 30% for 2009 (2008:15%).  The
decrease in the dividend per share is a
­
result of the decline in the Group's net
income attributable to shareholders in
2009.  Based on the number of shares
outstanding at the end of 2009,  the
dividend payout will decrease 24% to
€ 73 million (2008: € 97 million). 
Increasing momentum for adidas Group
in 2011 and beyond
In line with the projections of leading
global economic research institutes,  we
expect the macroeconomic environment
in 2011 to continue its gradual recovery
after the severe global recession of 2009. 
We expect economic growth to be supported by accelerating private consumption compared to 2010.  We forecast this
development to support the operational
performance of our Group in 2011.  Under
this assumption,  we project adidas Group
sales and net income to improve in 2011
compared to 2010 levels. 

Key goals for long-term success
In addition,  the Group will continue to
work towards reaching our priority goals
to achieve long-term sustainable shareholder value creation.  These include:
  Expand presence in emerging markets: Over the last several years,  emerging economies in Asia,  Europe and Latin
America have consistently outperformed
growth of more mature markets.  Despite
the economic backlash suffered in some
emerging markets in 2009,  we believe
these markets continue to represent the
most significant long-term growth opportunity to our industry as a whole.  Rising
standards of living,  increasing disposable
income,  positive demographic trends and
growing sports participation rates should
continue to support increasing consumption of sporting goods in these markets. 
Therefore,  assuming constant exchange
rates,  our Group sees the opportunity to
increase our representation in emerging
markets to over 40% of Group sales in the
medium term from currently around 35%. 
  Intensify controlled space focus: We
intend to increase our controlled space
initiatives to at least 35% of Group sales
in the coming years.  This includes new
openings of adidas and Reebok ownretail stores,  the further extension of our
mono-branded store base in China,  as
well as new shop-in-shop initiatives with
retail partners in several markets around
the world. 

  Leverage growth and operational
scale through to bottom line: A higher
exposure to emerging markets as well
as expanding controlled space activities
are important levers to improving brand
presence,  increasing sell-through and
driving higher Group profitability.  In addition,  we continuously work on streamlining internal processes to accelerate
decision-making,  reduce complexity and
make our organisation leaner and more
efficient.  Therefore,  we believe there
is significant potential to increase the
Group's operating margin to over 11%. 
  Increase financial flexibility: We aim
to further improve financial ­ exibility
fl
and reduce financing risk of our Group
by largely using excess cash for the
continued reduction of net ­ orrowings. 

We strive to maintain a ratio of net

­ orrowings over EBITDA of less than two
times going forward.  A strong balance
sheet and a lower level of debt increase
our flexibility to realise value-generating
medium- and long-term opportunities
in the best interests of our shareholders
as they arise. 

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT Financial Review    Subsequent Events and Outlook 

  161

adidas by Stella McCartney
Tennis Performance Dress
The adidas by Stella McCartney ­ ennis

P
­ erformance Dress is styled for a full
range of motion with a racerback top
and low-cut waist with loose pleats.  The
incorporated CLIMALITE® technology's
light and ­ reathable fabric pulls sweat

away from the skin to provide Caroline
Wozniacki and other tennis players with
 comfortable feeling when competing
on court.  This dress reflects Wozniacki's
trendiness and highlights the importance
of style within tennis. 

20
09
Caroline
Wozniacki
DENmark 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

04

Responsibility Statement  164
Auditor's Report  165
Consolidated Balance Sheet  166
Consolidated Income Statement  167
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and Expense  168
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  168
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  169
Notes  170
Statement of Movements of Intangible and Tangible Assets  211
Shareholdings  212

 NEW YORK,  USA September 12,  2009
It is Caroline Wozniacki's first Grand Slam semifinal.  The 19-year-old newcomer is fired up to take
on Yanina Wickmayer in the US Open.  In an exciting
match,  Wozniacki demonstrates her great speedher outstanding defence and her passion for tennis. 
It only takes her 1 hour 36 minutes to dismiss her
opponent 6-3,  6-3.  She is the first Dane to reach a
Grand Slam final. 

Consolidated Financial Statements    Overview 

Consolidated
Financial Statements 
04

  163

Responsibility Statement
To the best of our knowledge,  and in accordance with the applicable reporting principles,  the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of
the assets,  liabilities,  financial position and profit or loss of the Group,  and the Group Management Report includes a fair review of the development and
performance of the business and the position of the Group,  together with a description of the principal opportunities and risks associated with the expected
development of the Group. 
Herzogenaurach,  February 19,  2010

Herbert Hainer	
Chief Executive Officer 	

Glenn Bennett
Global Operations 
Robin J.  Stalker	
Chief Financial Officer	

Erich Stamminger
Global Brands 
164 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Responsibility Statement 
Auditor's Report
We have audited the consolidated financial statements prepared by adidas AG,  Herzogenaurach,  comprising the balance sheet,  income statementstatement of comprehensive income and expense,  statement of changes in equity,  statement of cash flows and the notes,  together with the Group
management report for the fiscal year from January 1 to December 31,  2009.  The preparation of the consolidated financial statements and the Group
management report in accordance with IFRSs,  as adopted by the EU,  and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to § 315a (1)
HGB (Handelsgesetzbuch 'German Commercial Code") are the responsibility of the company's Executive Board.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the consolidated financial statements and on the Group management report based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with § 317 HGB and German generally accepted standards for the audit
of financial statements promulgated by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (Institute of Public Auditors in Germany) (IDW).  Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit such that misstatements materially affecting the presentation of the net assets,  financial position and profit or loss in the
consolidated financial statements in accordance with the applicable financial reporting framework and in the Group management report are detected
with reasonable assurance.  Knowledge of the business activities and the economic and legal environment of the Group and expectations as to possible
misstatements are taken into account in the determination of audit procedures.  The effectiveness of the accounting-related internal control system and
the evidence supporting the disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and the Group management report are examined primarily on a test
basis within the framework of the audit.  The audit includes assessing the annual financial statements of those entities included in consolidation,  the
determination of entities to be included in consolidation,  the accounting and consolidation principles used and significant estimates made by managementas well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements and Group management report.  We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Our audit has not led to any reservations. 
In our opinion,  based on the findings of our audit,  the consolidated financial statements comply with IFRSs,  as adopted by the EU,  the additional
requirements of German commercial law pursuant to § 315a (1) HGB and give a true and fair view of the net assets,  financial position and profit or loss
of the Group in accordance with these requirements.  The Group management report is consistent with the consolidated financial statements and as a
whole provides a suitable view of the Group's position and suitably presents the opportunities and risks of future development. 
Frankfurt am Main,  February 19,  2010

KPMG AG
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
(Original German version signed by:)
Dr.  Bernd Erle	
Wirtschaftsprüfer	
(German Public Auditor)	

Rainer Gebele
Wirtschaftsprüfer
(German Public Auditor)

Consolidated Financial Statements    Auditor's Report 

  165

N°

adidas AG Consolidated balance sheet (IFRS)

01

€ in millions
Note 
Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term financial assets
Accounts receivable
Other current financial assets
Inventories
Income tax receivables
Other current assets
Assets classified as held for sale
Total current assets
Property,  plant and equipment
Goodwill
Trademarks
Other intangible assets
Long-term financial assets
Other non-current financial assets
Deferred tax assets
Other non-current assets
Total non-current assets
Total assets
Short-term borrowings
Accounts payable
Other current financial liabilities
Income taxes
Provisions
Accrued liabilities
Other current liabilities
Liabilities classified as held for sale
Total current liabilities
Long-term borrowings
Other non-current financial liabilities
Pensions and similar obligations
Deferred tax liabilities
Non-current provisions
Non-current accrued liabilities
Other non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities
Share capital
Reserves
Retained earnings
Shareholders' equity
Minority interests
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity
From 2009,  other (non-)current financial assets/liabilities are shown separately from other (non-)current assets/liabilities.   
Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals.   
The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

166 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Dec.  31,  2009

Dec.  31,  2008

Change in %


6

8

33
10


775
75
1429
160
1471
89
360
126
4485
723
1478
1342
160
91
58
412
126
4390
8875

244
141
1624
287
1995
110
502
31
4934
886
1499
1390
204
96
60
344
120
4599
9533

2180
(465)
(120)
(443)
(263)
(189)
(284)
2961
(91)
(184)
(14)
(34)
(212)
(53)
(48)
196
45
(46)
(69)

198
1166
101
194
320
625
232

2836
1569
25
157
433
29
22
28
2263
209
212
3350
3771

3776
8875

797
1218
79
321
324
684
216

3645
1776
23
132
463
28
37
29
2488
194
(10)
3202
3386
14
3400
9533

(751)
(43)
282
(395)
(13)
(87)
75
(1000)
(222)
(117)
71
190
(63)
23
(407)
(77)
(91)
81
—
46
113
(610)
111
(69)

11
12
13
13
14
15
33
16

17
18
33
19
20
21

17
22
23
33
19
20
24

26
25

N°

adidas AG Consolidated income statement (IFRS)

02

€ in millions
Note 
Net sales
Cost of sales
Gross profit
  (% of net sales)
Royalty and commission income
Other operating income
Other operating expenses
  (% of net sales)
Operating profit
  (% of net sales)
Financial income
Financial expenses
Income before taxes
  (% of net sales)
Income taxes
  (% of income before taxes)
Net income
  (% of net sales)
Net income attributable to shareholders
  (% of net sales)
Net income attributable to minority interests
Basic earnings per share (in €)
Diluted earnings per share (in €)

35

29
11,  13,  30

32
32

33

34
34

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

Change 
10381
5669
4712
454%
86
100
4390
423%
508
49%
19
169
358
35%
113
315%
245
24%
245
24%


10799
5543
5256
487%
89
103
4378
405%
1070
99%
37
203
904
84%
260
288%
644
60%
642
59%


(39%)
23%
(104%)
(33pp)
(39%)
(28%)
03%
17pp
(526%)
(50pp)
(486%)
(170%)
(604%)
(49pp)
(567%)
27pp
(619%)
(36pp)
(618%)
(36pp)
(951%)

125
122

325
307

(615%)
(602%)

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Consolidated Financial Statements    Consolidated Income Statement 

  167

N°

adidas AG Consolidated statement of comprehensive income and expense 
03

€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

245

644

(132)
(12)
(19)
(163)

149

78
229

Total comprehensive income 
82

873

Attributable to shareholders of adidas AG
Attributable to minority interests 
82


871


Note 
Net income after taxes
Net (loss)/gain on cash flow hedges,  net of tax
Actuarial (losses)/gains of defined benefit plans and asset ceiling effect (IAS 19),  net of tax
Currency translation
Other comprehensive income 
28
23

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

N°

adidas AG Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
04

€ in millions
Capital
reserve 
Cumulative
translation
adjustments 
Hedging
reserve 
Other
reserves 1)

Retained
earnings 
Total
shareholders'
equity 
Minority
interests 
Total equity 
737

(510)

(58)

(8)

2659

3023

11

3034

78

Balance at December 31,  2007

Share
capital 
204

Note 
149



642

871



873

(99)

(99)

(409)

(0)

(0)

(0)

(99)

(409)

(0)

Total comprehensive income
Dividend payment
Exercised share options
Repurchase of adidas AG shares
Newly founded joint ventures
Reclassifications of minorities in accordance with IAS 32

26
38


(10)

(399)


25

Balance at December 31,  2008

194

338

Dividend payment
Exercised share options
Conversion of convertible bond
Acquisition of shares from minority shareholders
Newly created minority interests
Reclassifications of minorities in accordance with IAS 32
Balance at December 31,  2009

26
38

(6)

3202

3386

14

3400

(132)

(12)

245

82



82

(97)

16

91

(19)

Total comprehensive income 
(432)

(97)

400


384

25
25
25

(12)

0
209

722

(451)

(41)

1) Reserves for actuarial gains  losses,  asset ceiling effect (IAS 19) and share option plans. 
/
Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

168 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and Expense    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
(18)



3350

3771



(97)

400
(12)

0
3776

N°

adidas AG Consolidated statement of cash flows (IFRS)

05

€ in millions 
Operating activities:
Income before taxes
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation and amortisation
  Unrealised foreign exchange losses/(gains),  net
  Interest income
  Interest expense
  Losses/(gains) on sale of property,  plant and equipment,  net
  Other non-cash expense/(income)
Operating profit before working capital changes
  Decrease/(increase) in receivables and other current assets
  Decrease/(increase) in inventories
  (Decrease)/increase in accounts payable and other current liabilities
Cash generated from operations before interest and taxes
  Interest paid
  Income taxes paid
Net cash from operating activities
Investing activities:
  Purchase of trademarks and other intangible assets
  Proceeds from sale of other intangible assets
  Purchase of property,  plant and equipment
  Proceeds from sale of property,  plant and equipment
  Acquisition of further investments in subsidiaries
  Acquisition of subsidiaries and other business units net of cash acquired
  Proceeds from sale/(purchase) of short-term financial assets
  Purchase of investments and other long-term assets
  Interest received
Net cash used in investing activities
Financing activities:
(Repayments of)/proceeds from long-term borrowings
  Proceeds from issue of a Eurobond
  Dividend paid to shareholders of adidas AG
  Dividend paid to minority shareholders
  Exercised share options
  Repurchase of adidas AG shares
  Cash repayments of short-term borrowings
Net cash used in financing activities
Effect of exchange rates on cash
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and cash equivalents at year-end 
11,  13,  14,  30
32
32
29,  30


4,  36

26


5

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

358

Note 
904

299
15
(16)
138
23

822
464
617
(312)
1591
(131)
(262)
1198

234
(46)
(37)
178
(7)
(21)
1205
(236)
(324)
374
1019
(176)
(346)
497

(46)
10
(195)
16
(14)
(8)
60
(1)
16
(162)

(60)

(316)
27
(6)
(50)
(59)
(25)
37
(444)

(508)
497
(97)
—

—
(404)
(512)

588
—
(99)
(0)

(409)
(186)
(106)


531
244
775


(51)
295
244

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 
The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Consolidated Financial Statements    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

  169

Notes
adidas AG,  a listed German stock corporation and ultimate parent of the Group,  and its subsidiaries design,  develop,  produce
and market increasingly through own-retail activities a broad range of athletic and sports lifestyle products.  The Group's
Headquarters are located at Adi-Dassler-Str.  1,  91074 Herzogenaurach,  Germany.  The adidas Group has divided its operating
activities into six operating segments: Wholesale,  Retail,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  Rockport,  Reebok-CCM Hockey and Other
centrally managed brands. 
The Wholesale segment comprises all business activities relating to the distribution of adidas and Reebok products to retail customers. 
The Retail segment comprises all business activities relating to the sale of adidas and Reebok products directly to end consumers
through own retail. 
adidas and Reebok branded products include footwear,  apparel and hardware,  such as bags and balls. 
TaylorMade-adidas Golf includes the three brands TaylorMade,  adidas Golf and Ashworth.  TaylorMade designs,  develops and
assembles or manufactures high-performance golf clubs,  balls and accessories.  adidas Golf branded products include footwearapparel and accessories.  Ashworth designs and distributes men's and women's lifestyle sportswear. 
Rockport predominantly designs and markets leather footwear for men and women. 
Reebok-CCM Hockey designs,  produces and markets hockey equipment such as sticks and skates as well as apparel under the
brand names Reebok Hockey and CCM Hockey. 
The Other centrally managed brands segment primarily includes the business activities of the Y-3 label,  under which premium
footwear and apparel are designed and distributed. 

General 
01

The accompanying consolidated financial statements of adidas AG and its subsidiaries (collectively
the 'adidas Group" or the 'Group") as at December 31,  2009,  are prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS),  as adopted by the European Union,  and the
additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to § 315a section 1 HGB. 
New standards and interpretations and amendments to existing standards and interpretations applicable for the financial year ending December 31,  2009 are:
  IFRS 2 Amendment Share-based Payment Vesting Conditions and Cancellations (effective
date: January 1,  2009): This amendment had no impact on the Group's financial statements. 
  IFRS 7 Amendments Financial Instruments: Disclosures (effective date: January 1,  2009):
This amendment had no material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
  IFRS 8 Operating Segments (effective date: January 1,  2009): This new standard had an impact
on the nature and extent of the Notes in the Group's financial statements. 

170 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
  IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements Revised (effective date: January 1,  2009): This
amendment had no material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
  IAS 23 Borrowing Costs Revised (effective date: January 1,  2009): This amendment had no
material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
  IAS 27 Amendments Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements Cost of an Investment in a Subsidiary,  Jointly Controlled Entity or Associate (effective date: January 1,  2009):
These amendments had no material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
  IAS 32/IAS 1 Amendments Financial Instruments: Presentation/Presentation of Financial
Statements Puttable Financial Instruments and Obligations Arising on Liquidation (effective date: January 1,  2009): These amendments had no material impact on the Group's financial
statements. 
  IFRIC 9/IAS 39 Amendments Reassessment of Embedded Derivatives/Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement Embedded Derivatives (effective date: January 1,  2009):
These amendments had no impact on the Group's financial statements. 

  IFRIC 13 Customer Loyalty Programmes (effective date: January 1,  2009): This interpretation
had no material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
  IFRIC 14/IAS 19 The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset,  Minimum Funding Requirements and
their Interaction (effective date: January 1,  2009): This interpretation had no impact on the Group's
financial statements. 
  Improvements to IFRS (2008) (effective date: January 1,  2009): These improvements had no
material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
New standards and interpretations and amendments to existing standards and interpretations that
will be effective for financial years after December 31,  2009,  and have not been applied in preparing these consolidated financial statements are:
  IFRS 3 Business Combinations Revised (effective date: July 1,  2009): This amendment will
have an impact on the Group's financial statements in the event of business combinations. 
  IAS 27 Amendment Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements (effective date: July
1,  2009): This amendment is not expected to have any material impact on the Group's financial
statements. 
  IAS 32 Amendment Financial Instruments: Presentation Classification of Rights Issues
(effective date: February 1,  2010): This amendment is not expected to have any impact on the
Group's financial statements. 
  IAS 39 Amendment Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement Eligible hedged
items (effective date: July 1,  2009): This amendment is not expected to have any material impact
on the Group's financial statements. 
  IFRIC 12 Service Concession Arrangements (effective date: March 29,  2009): This interpretation
is not expected to have any impact on the Group's financial statements. 
  IFRIC 15 Agreements for the Construction of Real Estate (effective date: January 1,  2010): This
interpretation is not expected to have any impact on the Group's financial statements. 
  IFRIC 16 Hedges of a Net Investment in a Foreign Operation (effective date: June 30,  2009):
This interpretation is not expected to have any impact on the Group's financial statements. 
  IFRIC 17 Distributions on Non-cash Assets to Owners (effective date: November 1,  2009): This
interpretation is not expected to have any impact on the Group's financial statements. 
  IFRIC 18 Transfers of Assets from Customers (effective date: November 1,  2009): This interpretation is not expected to have any impact on the Group's financial statements. 
  Improvements to IFRS (2008) > IFRS 5 (effective date: July 1,  2009): These improvements are
not expected to have any material impact on the Group's financial statements. 
Entities shall apply the new standards and interpretations,  and amendments to existing standards
and interpretations for annual periods beginning on or after the effective date. 
New standards and interpretations,  and amendments to existing standards and interpretations are usually not applied by the Group before the effective date. 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis,  with
the exception of certain items such as cash and cash equivalents,  financial instruments valued at
fair value through profit or loss,  available-for-sale financial assets,  derivative financial instruments,  plan assets and receivables,  which are measured at fair value. 
The consolidated financial statements are presented in euros and all values are rounded to
the nearest million. 

02

Summary of significant accounting policies 
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with the consolidation,  accounting and valuation principles described below. 

Principles of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of adidas AG and its direct and indirect
subsidiaries,  which are prepared in accordance with uniform accounting principles. 
 company is considered a subsidiary if adidas AG directly or indirectly governs the financial
and operating policies of the respective enterprise. 
The number of consolidated subsidiaries evolved as follows for the years ending December
31,  2009 and 2008,  respectively:
N°

Number of consolidated companies 
02
2009

January 1
Newly founded/consolidated companies
Divestments/exclusion from consolidation
Merged companies
Purchased companies
December 31

2008

190

(9)
(10)

177

171
10
(3)
(2)
14
190

 schedule of the shareholdings of adidas AG is shown in Attachment II to these Notes.  Furthera schedule of these shareholdings will be published in the electronic platform of the German

­ ederal Gazette. 
The first-time consolidation of purchased companies had a material impact in
2008  see Note 4. 
Within the scope of the first-time consolidation,  all acquired assets and liabilities are
recognised in the balance sheet at fair value.  A debit difference between the acquisition cost and
the proportionate fair value of assets and liabilities is shown as goodwill.  A credit difference is
recorded in the income statement.  Goodwill arises due to the expectation of strategic advantages
or relates to synergies.  Upon the acquisition of minority interests,  no fair value adjustments are
recognised.  A debit difference between the cost for such an additional investment and the carrying
amount of the net assets at the acquisition date is shown as goodwill.  A credit difference is
recorded in the income statement. 
All intercompany transactions and balances,  as well as any unrealised gains and losses
arising from intercompany transactions are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial
statements. 

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  171

Currency translation
Transactions of assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currency at spot rates on the transaction date. 
In the individual financial statements of Group companies,  monetary items denominated in
non-functional currencies of the subsidiaries are generally measured at closing exchange rates at
the balance sheet date.  The resulting currency gains and losses are recorded directly in income. 
Assets and liabilities of the Group's non-euro functional currency subsidiaries are translated
into the reporting currency,  the 'euro",  which is also the functional currency of adidas AG,  at closing exchange rates at the balance sheet date.  Revenues and expenses are translated at exchange
rates on the transaction dates.  All cumulative differences from the translation of equity of foreign
subsidiaries resulting from changes in exchange rates,  are included in a separate item within
shareholders' equity without affecting income. 
 summary of exchange rates to the euro for major currencies in which the Group operates
is as follows:
N°

Exchange rates 
02

€ 1 equals
Average rate for the year
ending Dec.  31

Spot rate
at Dec.  31

2009

2008

2009

2008

13932
08912
13023

USD
GBP
JPY

14702
07956
15239

14406
08881
13316

13917
09525
12614

Derivative financial instruments
The Group uses derivative financial instruments,  such as currency options,  forward contracts as
well as interest rate swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps,  to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks.  In accordance with its Treasury Policy,  the Group does not
enter into derivative financial instruments with banks for trading purposes. 
Derivative financial instruments are initially recognised in the balance sheet at fair valueand subsequently also measured at their fair value.  The method of recognising the resulting gains
or losses is dependent on the nature of the item being hedged.  On the date a derivative contract is
entered into,  the Group designates certain derivatives as either a hedge of a forecasted transaction
(cash flow hedge),  a hedge of the fair value of a recognised asset or liability (fair value hedge) or a
hedge of a net investment in a foreign entity. 

172 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges,  and
that are effective,  as defined in IAS 39,  are recognised in equity.  When the effectiveness is not
100%,  the ineffective portion of the fair value is recognised in net income.  Cumulated gains and
losses in equity are transferred to the income statement in the same periods during which the
hedged forecasted transaction affects the income statement. 
For derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges,  the gains or losses on the
derivatives and the offsetting gains or losses on the hedged items are recognised immediately in
net income. 
Certain derivative transactions,  while providing effective economic hedges under the Group's
risk management policies,  may not qualify for hedge accounting under the specific rules of IAS
39.  Changes in the fair value of any derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting
under IAS 39 are recognised immediately in the income statement. 
Hedges of net investments in foreign entities are accounted for in a similar way to cash flow
hedges.  If,  for example,  the hedging instrument is a derivative (e.g.  a forward contract) or,  for
example,  a foreign currency borrowing,  effective currency gains and losses in the derivative and all
gains and losses arising on the translation of the borrowing,  respectively,  are recognised in equity. 
The Group documents the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items at
transaction inception,  as well as the risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking
various hedge transactions.  This process includes linking all derivatives designated as hedges to
specific firm commitments and forecasted transactions.  The Group also documents its assessment of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective by using
different methods of effectiveness testing,  such as the 'dollar offset method" or the 'hypothetical
derivative method". 
The fair values of forward contracts and currency options are determined on the basis
of market conditions on the reporting dates.  The fair value of a currency option is determined
using generally accepted models to calculate option prices.  The fair market value of an option is
influenced not only by the remaining term of the option but also by additional factors,  such as the
actual foreign exchange rate and the volatility of the underlying foreign currency base. 

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents represent cash and short-term bank deposits with maturities of three
months or less from the date of acquisition. 
Receivables and other assets
Receivables and other assets are recognised at fair value,  which is estimated as the present value
of future cash flows discounted at the market rate of interest at the balance sheet date.  Subsequently,  these are measured at amortised cost using the 'effective interest method".  If necessaryrequired allowances are determined on the basis of individual risk assessment and past experience of losses. 

Inventories
Merchandise and finished goods are valued at the lower of cost or net realisable value,  which is
the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.  Costs are determined using a standard
valuation method: the 'average cost method".  Costs of finished goods include cost of raw materials,  direct labour and the components of the manufacturing overheads which can reasonably be
attributed.  The net realisable value allowances are computed consistently throughout the Group
based on the age and expected future sales of the items on hand. 
Assets/liabilities classified as held-for-sale
Assets and liabilities (primarily non-current) that are expected to be recovered principally through
sale rather than through continuing use are classified as held-for-sale.  These are measured at the
lower of their carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell. 
Property,  plant and equipment
Property,  plant and equipment are stated at cost (which comprises any costs directly attributable
to bringing the asset to the condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner
intended by Management) less accumulated depreciation (except for land and construction in
progress) and accumulated impairment losses.  Depreciation is computed utilising the 'straightline method",  except where the 'declining-balance method" is more appropriate in light of the
actual utilisation pattern.  Useful lives are as follows:
Useful lives of property,  plant and equipment 
N°

02

Impairment
In the event that facts and circumstances indicate that the cost of non-current assets (financial and non-financial assets) should be impaired,  an evaluation of recoverability is performed. 
An impairment loss is recognised in the income statement if the carrying amount exceeds the
recoverable amount.  If there is an impairment loss for a cash-generating unit,  first the carrying
amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit is reduced,  and subsequently the
other assets of the unit are reduced pro rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in
the unit. 
Irrespective of whether there is an impairment indication,  intangible assets with an indefinite
useful life and goodwill acquired in business combinations are tested annually for impairment. 
An impairment loss recognised in goodwill is not reversible.  With respect to other assetsan impairment loss recognised in prior periods is reversed if there has been a change in the
estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.  An impairment loss is reversed only to the
extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
determined (net of depreciation or amortisation) if no impairment loss had been recognised. 
Leases
If substantially all risks and rewards associated with an asset are transferred to the Group under
finance lease agreements,  the asset less accumulated depreciation and the corresponding liability
are recognised at the fair value of the asset or the lower net present value of the minimum lease
payments.  Minimum lease payments are apportioned between the finance charge and the reduction of the outstanding liability.  The finance expense is allocated to each period during the lease
term so as to produce a constant periodic interest rate on the remaining balance of the liability. 
Under operating lease agreements,  rent expenses are recognised on a straight-line basis
over the term of the lease. 

Years 
Buildings/Leasehold improvements
Technical equipment and machinery as well as other equipment and furniture and fittings 
5 – 50
2 – 10

Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.  Renewals and improvements
are capitalised and depreciated separately,  if the recognition criteria are met. 

Identifiable intangible assets
Acquired intangible assets are valued at cost less accumulated amortisation (except for assets
with indefinite useful lives) and impairment losses.  Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line
basis with the following useful lives:
Useful lives of identifiable intangible assets 
N°

02
Years 
Trademarks
Software
Patents,  trademarks and concessions 
indefinite
3 – 5
5 – 15

The adidas Group determined that there was no impairment necessary for any of its trademarks
with indefinite useful lives in the years ending December 31,  2009 and 2008,  respectively. 

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  173

The recoverable amount is determined on the basis of fair value less costs to sell,  which are calculated with 1% of the fair value.  The fair value is determined in discounting the royalty savings after
tax and adding a tax amortisation benefit,  resulting from the amortisation of the acquired asset
('relief-from-royalty method").  These calculations use projections of net sales related royalty
savings,  based on financial planning which covers a period of five years in total.  Royalty savings
beyond this period are extrapolated using steady growth rates of 17% (2008: 17%).  The growth
rates do not exceed the long-term average growth rate of the business to which the trademarks
are allocated. 
The discount rate is based on a weighted average cost of capital calculation considering a
five-year average debt/equity structure and financing costs including the Group's major competitors.  The discount rate used is an after-tax rate and reflects the specific equity and country risk. 
The applied discount rate is 93% (2008: 83%). 
If expenditures for internally generated intangible assets qualify for recognition,  these are
not expensed as incurred. 

Goodwill
Goodwill is the excess of the purchase cost over the fair value of acquired identifiable assets and
liabilities.  Goodwill arising from the acquisition of a foreign entity and any fair value adjustments
to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities of that foreign entity are treated as assets and
liabilities of the reporting entity respectively,  and are translated at exchange rates prevailing at
the date of the initial consolidation.  Goodwill is carried in the functional currency of the acquired
foreign entity. 
Acquired goodwill is valued at cost less accumulated impairment losses.  Effective January 12005,  scheduled amortisation of goodwill ceased due to changes in IFRS.  Goodwill is tested annually for impairment,  and additionally when there are indications of potential impairment. 
As a consequence of the Group's reorganisation in the second half of 2009,  the goodwill formerly allocated to the two cash-generating units adidas and Reebok has been reallocated to new
cash-generating units.  This reallocation was based on a relative value approach. 
In addition to the already existing and unchanged cash-generating unit TaylorMade-adidas
Golf,  the carrying amounts of acquired goodwill are allocated to the following cash-generating
units: Rockport,  Reebok-CCM Hockey as well as the 17 regional markets which are responsible for
the joint distribution of adidas and Reebok. 
The cash-generating units (or groups of units) represent the lowest level within the Group at
which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes after the Group's reorganisation. 
The impairment test for goodwill has been performed based on the original cash-generating
units adidas and Reebok,  as well as on the newly allocated cash-generating units (or groups of
units). 
In both cases,  no impairment of goodwill resulted. 

174 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
The recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit is determined on the basis of value in use. 
This calculation uses cash flow projections based on the financial planning covering a five-year
period in total.  The planning reflects an expected low- to mid-single-digit sales increase for the
majority of the cash-generating units (or groups of units).  We expect slightly higher sales growth
in several of the emerging markets.  Furthermore,  we expect the operating margin to improve
primarily driven by an improvement in the gross margin as well as lower operating expenses
as a percentage of sales.  The planning for capital expenditure and working capital is primarily
based on past experience.  The planning for future tax payments is based on current statutory
corporate tax rates of the single cash-generating units (or groups of units).  Cash flows beyond this
period are extrapolated using steady growth rates averaging 17% (2008: 17%).  According to our
expectations,  these growth rates do not exceed the long-term average growth rate of the business
in which each cash-generating unit operates. 
Discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of capital calculation considering a fiveyear average debt/equity structure and financing costs including the Group's major competitors
for each cash-generating unit (or group of units).  The discount rates used are after-tax rates and
reflect the specific equity and country risk of the relevant cash-generating unit. 
The carrying amounts of acquired goodwill as well as of intangible assets allocated to the
respective cash-generating unit (or group of units) and the respective discount rates applied to the
cash flow projections are as follows:
N°

Allocation of goodwill 
02

€ in millions 
Goodwill
(€ in millions)

TaylorMade-adidas Golf
Greater China
Other Asian Markets
Western Europe
Other
Total 
Intangible assets
with indefinite
useful lives
(€ in millions)

283
210
159
513
313
1478

25
213
164
404
536
1342

Discount rate 
89%
102%
99 139%
82 105%

The goodwill shown in the table under Other Asian Markets,  Western Europe and Other is
an aggregation of several cash-generating units (or groups of units),  as the goodwill of each
individual cash-generating unit (or group of units) is insignificant compared to the total amount of
goodwill.  The determination of the recoverable amounts of the aggregated cash-generating units
(or groups of units) Other Asian Markets as well as Western Europe is based on the same material
assumptions. 
The reconciliation of goodwill is as follows:
N°

reconciliation of goodwill 
02

€ in millions 
adidas 
January 1,  2009
Additions
Currency translation differences (January 1,  2009 to September 30,  2009)
Reallocation
Currency translation differences (October 1,  2009 to December 31,  2009)
December 31,  2009

Research and development
Research costs are expensed as incurred.  Development costs are also expensed as incurred when
recognition criteria are not met. 
The Group spent € 86 million and € 81 million on product research and development for the
years ending December 31,  2009 and 2008,  respectively. 
Financial assets
All purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date.  Costs of purchases
include transaction costs.  If the fair value of available-for-sale financial assets (i, e.  non-derivative
financial assets which are not allocable under another category of IAS 39) can be measured
reliably,  they are subsequently carried at fair value.  Realised and unrealised gains and losses
arising from changes in the fair value of financial assets are included in the income statement
for the period in which they arise,  except for available-for-sale financial assets where unrealised
gains and losses are recognised in equity unless they are impaired. 
Borrowings and other liabilities
Borrowings and other liabilities are recognised at fair value using the 'effective interest method"net of transaction costs incurred.  In subsequent periods,  long-term borrowings are stated at
amortised cost using the 'effective interest method".  Any difference between proceeds (net of
transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in the income statement over the term
of the borrowing. 
The fair value of the liability component of the Group's convertible bond was determined
using a market interest rate for a comparable straight bond at time of issuance.  As at December
31,  2008,  this amount was presented as part of short-term borrowings on an amortised cost basis
until conversion or maturity of the bond.  The remaining portion is included in shareholders' equity
where the value of the equity component was not changed in subsequent periods. 

Reebok 
TaylorMadeadidas Golf 
Greater China 
Other Asian
Markets 
Western
Europe 
Other 
Total 
790

(23)
(772)
—


425

(16)
(410)
—


284
—
(1)
—
—
283

—
—
—
208

210

—
—
—
157

159

—
—
—
508

513

—
—
—
309

313

1499

(40)

13
1478

After conversion,  the liability component was reclassified into shareholders' equity. 

Accrued liabilities and provisions
Provisions are recognised where a present obligation (legal or constructive) to third parties has
been incurred which is likely to lead to an outflow of resources,  and where the timing or amount is
uncertain.  Non-current provisions are discounted if the effect of discounting is material. 
With respect to accrued liabilities,  the timing and amount of an outflow of resources is not
uncertain. 
Pensions and similar obligations
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations comprise the Group provision obligation under
defined benefit and contribution plans.  Obligations under defined benefit plans are calculated
separately for each plan by estimating the benefit amount that employees have earned in return
for their service during the current and prior periods.  That benefit is discounted to determine its
present value,  and the fair value of any plan assets is deducted.  The discount rate is the yield at
the balance sheet date on high-quality corporate bonds.  Calculations are performed by qualified actuaries using the 'projected unit credit method" in accordance with IAS 19.  Obligations for
contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised as an expense in the income statement
when they are due. 
As of January 1,  2005,  due to application of the amendment to IAS 19 ('Employee Benefits"
issued in December 2004),  the Group recognises actuarial gains or losses to defined benefit plans
arising during the financial year immediately outside the income statement in 'other reserves"
within equity,  as shown in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  175

Recognition of revenues
Sales are recognised at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable,  net of returnstrade discounts and volume rebates,  when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the
goods are transferred to the buyer,  and when it is probable that the economic benefits associated
with the transaction will flow to the Group. 
Royalty and commission income is recognised based on the contract terms on an accrual
basis. 
Advertising and promotional expenditures
Production costs for media campaigns are included in prepaid expenses (other current and
non-current assets) until the services are received,  and upon receipt expensed in full.  Significant
TV media buying costs are expensed over the original duration of the broadcast. 
Promotional expenses that involve payments,  including one-time up-front payments for
promotional contracts,  are expensed systematically over the term of the agreement. 
Interest
Interest is recognised as income or expense as incurred (using the 'effective interest method")
with the exception of interest that is directly attributable to the acquisition,  construction or production of a qualifying asset.  This interest is capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. 
Income taxes
Current income taxes are computed in accordance with the applicable taxation rules established in
the countries in which the Group operates. 
The Group computes deferred taxes for all temporary differences between the carrying
amount and the tax base of its assets and liabilities and tax loss carry-forwards.  As it is not permitted to recognise a deferred tax liability for goodwill,  the Group does not compute any deferred
taxes thereon. 
Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences and tax loss carryf
­ orwards which exceed taxable temporary differences are only recognised to the extent that it
is probable that the company concerned will generate sufficient taxable income to realise the

­ ssociated benefit. 
Income tax is recognised in the income statement except to the extent that it relates to items
recognised directly in equity,  in which case it is recognised in equity. 

176 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
Equity compensation benefits
Stock options were granted to members of the Executive Board of adidas AG as well as to the
managing directors/senior vice presidents of its affiliated companies and to further senior executives of the Group in connection with the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) of adidas AG
 see also Note 38.  The company has the choice to settle a potential obligation by issuing new shares
or providing the equivalent cash compensation.  When options are exercised and the company
decides to issue new shares,  the proceeds received net of any transaction costs are credited to
share capital and capital surplus.  The company has so far chosen to issue new shares. 
In accordance with IFRS 2,  an expense and a corresponding entry to equity for equity-settled
stock options and an expense and a liability for cash-settled stock options is recorded. 
The Group has applied IFRS 2 retrospectively and has taken advantage of the transitional
provisions of IFRS 2 with respect to equity-settled awards.  As a result,  the Group has applied IFRS
 only to equity-settled awards granted after November 7,  2002,  that had not yet vested on January
1,  2005 [Tranche V (2003)]. 
Estimation uncertainties and judgements
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of assumptions
and estimates that affect reported amounts and related disclosures.  Although such estimates are
based on Management's best knowledge of current events and actions,  actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates. 
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty
at the balance sheet date which have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to
the ­ arrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are outlined in the

r
­ espective Notes,  in particular goodwill  see Note 12,  trademarks  see Note 13,  provisions  see
Note 19,  pensions
 see Note 23,  derivatives
 see Note 28 as well as deferred taxes
 see Note 33. 
Judgements have for instance been used in classifying leasing arrangements as well as in
determining valuation methods for intangible assets. 

Assets/liabilities classified as held-for-sale 
03

Part of the assets of GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG and adidas AG
as well as assets of Immobilieninvest und Betriebsgesellschaft Herzo-Base GmbH & Co.  KG are
presented as disposal groups held-for-sale following a Memorandum of Understanding signed in
2009 (land and buildings/leasehold improvements).  Selling negotiations have commenced.  Alternatives are currently under assessment and a final decision is expected in June 2010.  At December 31,  2009,  the disposal groups contained assets amounting to € 53 million (2008: € 12 million). 
In addition,  the Memorandum of Understanding includes assets of € 51 million in the USA and a
warehouse of € 20 million in the Netherlands. 

Furthermore,  the previous Reebok warehouse in the UK has been classified as an asset heldfor-sale as a result of the intention to sell in 2010 and the existence of purchase offers (December 31,  2009: € 2 million; December 31,  2008: € 2 million).  In the first quarter of 2009,  additional
assets of € 2 million were classified as held-for-sale.  In 2009,  impairment losses in the amount
of € 2 million were recognised in other operating expenses. 
The previous adidas warehouse in the UK has been reclassified to property,  plant and equipment due to a change in conditions.  For the years ending December 31,  2009 and 2008,  depreciation in the amount of € 0 million has been reflected for the asset reclassified to property,  plant and
equipment. 
At December 31,  2008,  a Rockport warehouse in the USA was classified as held-for-sale as
 result of the intention to sell and the existence of a purchase offer (€ 4 million).  The warehouse
was sold in the third quarter of 2009. 
Due to the intention to sell and several existing letters of intent,  Gekko Brands,  LLC,  which
was acquired within the scope of the acquisition of Ashworth,  Inc.   see Note 4,  was classified
as a disposal group held-for-sale.  At December 31,  2008,  this disposal group contained assets
of € 10 million less liabilities of € 6 million.  Gekko Brands,  LLC,  was sold in the first quarter
of 2009. 
N°

Assets classified as held-for-sale 
03

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Accounts receivable and other current assets
Inventories
Property,  plant and equipment,  net
Trademarks and other intangible assets,  net
Total 
Dec.  31,  2008

18
—
108
—
126

14

10

31

N°

Liabilities classified as held-for-sale 
03

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Accounts payable
Provisions
Deferred tax liabilities
Total 
Dec.  31,  2008

—
—
—
—


1

6

04

Acquisition/Disposal of subsidiaries as well as assets and liabilities 
Effective January 1,  2009,  adidas International B. V.  acquired the outstanding 25% of the shares of
Reebok's subsidiary in Spain,  Reebok Spain S. A.,  Alicante,  for a purchase price in the amount of
€ 12 million.  The goodwill resulting from this transaction amounted to € 1 million. 
Effective January 1,  2009,  adidas International B. V.  acquired 51% of the shares of Life Sport
Ltd.  for a purchase price in the amount of ILS 256 million.  Based in Holon (Israel),  Life Sport Ltd. 
is a marketing company for adidas products in Israel. 
The acquisition had the following effect on the Group's assets and liabilities:
N°

Life Sport Ltd. 's net assets at the acquisition date 
04

€ in millions
Pre-acquisition
carrying
amounts 
Cash and cash equivalents
Accounts receivable
Inventories
Other current assets
Property,  plants and equipment,  net
Other intangible assets
Non-current financial assets
Deferred tax assets
Current financial liabilities
Accounts payable
Other current liabilities
Non-current financial liabilities
Pensions and similar obligations
Net assets
Goodwill arising on acquisition
Purchase price settled in cash
Cash and cash equivalents acquired
Cash outflow on acquisition 
Fair value
adjustments 

5

2

0

0
(9)
(7)
(3)
(1)
(0)


Recognised
values on
acquisition 
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—



5

2

1

0
(9)
(7)
(3)
(1)
(0)

4

0


Pre-acquisition carrying amounts were based on applicable IFRS standards. 
The excess of the acquisition cost paid versus the net of the amounts of the fair values
assigned to all assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recognised as goodwill.  Any acquired
asset that did not meet the identification and recognition criteria for an asset was included in the
amount recognised as goodwill. 
The goodwill arising on this acquisition was allocated to the cash-generating unit adidas at
the time of the acquisition.  As part of the Group's reorganisation in the second half of 2009,  it has
been reallocated and is denominated in the local functional currency  see also Note 2. 

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  177

The acquired subsidiary contributed net losses of € 0 million to the Group's net income for the
period from January to December 2009. 
Effective January 23,  2009,  adidas AG acquired the remaining 5% of the shares of its

­ ubsidiary in Greece,  adidas Hellas A. E.,  Thessaloniki,  for a purchase price in the amount of
€ 1 million. 
On February 16,  2009,  adidas International,  Inc.  acquired assets of Bones in Motion,  Inc.  as
part of an asset deal for a purchase price in the amount of USD 5 million.  Based in Austin/Texas
(USA),  Bones in Motion,  Inc.  is engaged in developing,  manufacturing and selling sports- and
fitness-specific location-aware software applications and web-based services. 
The acquisition had the following effect on the Group's assets and liabilities:

Pre-acquisition
carrying
amounts 
Fair value
adjustments 

—
—

—

3

Pre-acquisition
carrying
amounts 
Recognised
values on
acquisition 

3

1

—


Pre-acquisition carrying amounts were based on applicable IFRS standards. 
The following valuation methods for the acquired assets were applied:
  Trademarks and other intangible assets: The 'multi-period-excess-earnings method" was
used for the valuation of patents.  The respective future excess cash flows were identified and
adjusted in order to eliminate all elements not associated with these assets.  Future cash flows
were measured on the basis of the expected sales by deducting variable and sales-related imputed
costs for the use of contributory assets.  Subsequently,  the outcome was discounted using the
appropriate discount rate and adding a tax amortisation benefit. 
The excess of the acquisition cost paid versus the net of the amounts of the fair values
assigned to all assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recognised as goodwill.  Any acquired
asset that did not meet the identification and recognition criteria for an asset was included in the
amount recognised as goodwill. 
The goodwill arising on this acquisition was allocated to the cash-generating unit adidas at
the time of the acquisition.  As part of the Group's reorganisation in the second half of 2009,  it has
been reallocated and is denominated in the local functional currency  see also Note 2. 

178 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
04

€ in millions 
04

€ in millions 
N°

Saxon Athletic Manufacturing,  Inc. 's net assets at the acquisition date 
N°

Bones in Motion,  Inc. 's net assets at the acquisition date 
Accounts receivable
Trademarks and other intangible assets,  net
Net assets
Goodwill arising on acquisition
Purchase price settled in cash
Cash and cash equivalents acquired
Cash outflow on acquisition 
If this acquisition had occurred on January 1,  2009,  total Group net sales would have been € 104
billion and net income would have been € 245 million for the year ending December 31,  2009. 
Effective January 3,  2008,  adidas Canada acquired 100% of the shares of Saxon Athletic
Manufacturing,  Inc.  for a purchase price in the amount of CAD 46 million.  Based in Brantford/
Ontario (Canada),  Saxon Athletic is a design,  development,  marketing and manufacturing company
for team uniforms worn by professional and amateur teams throughout North America. 
The acquisition had the following effect on the Group's assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable
Inventories
Borrowings
Other current financial liabilities
Net assets
Goodwill arising on acquisition
Purchase price settled in cash
Cash and cash equivalents acquired
Cash outflow on acquisition 
Fair value
adjustments 

1
(1)
(1)


—
—
—
—
—

Recognised
values on
acquisition 

1
(1)
(1)

2

—


Pre-acquisition carrying amounts were based on applicable IFRS standards. 
The acquired subsidiary contributed € 0 million to the Group's net income for the period from
February to December 2008. 
Effective January 10,  2008,  adidas AG acquired an additional 225% of the shares of its subsidiary for the adidas brand in Greece,  adidas Hellas A. E.,  Thessaloniki (Greece),  for a purchase
price in the amount of € 6 million,  thus taking its controlling stake to over 95%. 
Effective April 1,  2008,  adidas International B. V.  acquired 9999% of the shares of Reebok
Productos Esportivos Brasil Ltda.  (formerly Comercial Vulcabras Ltda. ) for a purchase price in
the amount of BRL 6 million.  Based in Jundiai (Brazil),  Reebok Productos Esportivos Brasil Ltda. 
(­ ormerly Comercial Vulcabras Ltda. ) is a marketing company for Reebok products in Brazil. 

The acquisition had the following effect on the Group's assets and liabilities:

N°

Reebok Productos Esportivos Brasil Ltda. 's net assets at the acquisition
date  € in millions 
04

Pre-acquisition
carrying
amounts 
Inventories
Other current assets
Net assets
Goodwill arising on acquisition
Purchase price settled in cash
Cash and cash equivalents acquired
Cash outflow on acquisition 
Fair value
adjustments 

0


Recognised
values on
acquisition 
—
—
—


0

—

—


Pre-acquisition carrying amounts were based on applicable IFRS standards. 
If this acquisition had occurred on January 1,  2008,  total Group net sales would have been
€ 108 billion and net income would have been € 641 million for the year ending December 31,  2008. 
The acquired subsidiary contributed € 6 million to the Group's net income for the period from
April to December 2008. 
Effective September 5,  2008,  adidas International,  Inc.  acquired 100% of the shares of Textronics,  Inc.  for a purchase price in the amount of US $ 35 million.  Based in Wilmington/Delaware
(USA),  Textronics,  Inc.  is a specialist in the development of wearable sensors for use in fitness and
health monitoring. 
The acquisition had the following effect on the Group's assets and liabilities:
N°

Textronics,  Inc. 's net assets at the acquisition date 
04

€ in millions
Pre-acquisition
carrying
amounts 
Cash and cash equivalents
Inventories
Other current assets
Property,  plant and equipment,  net
Trademarks and other intangible assets,  net
Deferred tax assets
Accounts payable
Other current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities
Net assets
Goodwill arising on acquisition
Purchase price settled in cash
Cash and cash equivalents acquired
Cash outflow on acquisition 
Fair value
adjustments 

0

0
—
—
(0)
(0)
—


—
—
—
—

3
—
—
(3)


Pre-acquisition carrying amounts were based on applicable IFRS standards. 
The following valuation methods for the acquired assets were applied:
  Trademarks and other intangible assets: The 'relief-from-royalty method" was applied for
trademarks/trade names.  The fair value was determined by discounting the royalty savings after
tax and adding a tax amortisation benefit,  resulting from the amortisation of the acquired asset. 
For the valuation of core technology,  the 'multi-period-excess-earnings method" was used.  The
respective future excess cash flows were identified and adjusted in order to eliminate all elements
not associated with these assets.  Future cash flows were measured on the basis of the expected
sales by deducting variable and sales-related imputed costs for the use of contributory assets. 
Subsequently,  the outcome was discounted using the appropriate discount rate and adding a
tax amortisation benefit.  The 'income approach" was applied for covenants not-to-compete by
comparing the estimated prospective cash flows with and without the agreements in place.  The
value of the covenants not-to-compete is the difference between these discounted cash flows
being discounted to present value at the appropriate discount rate. 
The excess of the acquisition cost paid versus the net of the amounts of the fair values
assigned to all assets acquired and liabilities assumed,  taking into consideration the respective
deferred taxes,  was recognised as goodwill.  Any acquired asset that did not meet the identification
and recognition criteria for an asset was included in the amount recognised as goodwill. 
The goodwill arising on this acquisition was allocated to the cash-generating unit adidas at
the time of the acquisition.  As part of the Group's reorganisation in the second half of 2009,  it has
been reallocated and is denominated in the local functional currency  see also Note 2. 
If this acquisition had occurred on January 1,  2008,  total Group net sales would have been
€ 108 billion and net income would have been € 640 million for the year ending December 31,  2008. 
The acquired subsidiary contributed net losses of € 1 million to the Group's net income for
the period from September to December 2008. 
Effective November 20,  2008,  as a result of a takeover bid,  Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc.  acquired
100% of the shares of Ashworth,  Inc.,  including all direct and indirect holdings for a purchase
price of US $ 30 million.  Based in Carlsbad/California (USA),  Ashworth is a well-established golf
lifestyle apparel brand. 

Recognised
values on
acquisition 

0

0

3
(0)
(0)
(3)

16
25

25

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  179

The acquisition had the following effect on the Group's assets and liabilities:
N°

Ashworth,  Inc. 's net assets at the acquisition date 
04

€ in millions
Pre-acquisition
carrying
amounts 
Cash and cash equivalents
Accounts receivable
Inventories
Other current assets
Property,  plant and equipment,  net
Trademarks and other intangible assets,  net
Deferred tax assets
Borrowings
Accounts payable
Income taxes
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Other current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities
Net assets
Negative goodwill arising on acquisition
(recognised in the income statement)
Purchase price settled in cash
Cash and cash equivalents acquired
Cash outflow on acquisition 
Fair value
adjustments 
Recognised
values on
acquisition 

20
27

21

1
(37)
(15)
(0)
(6)
(2)

16

—
—

—

34

—
—
—
(1)
—
(14)
28


20
30

23
37

(37)
(15)
(0)
(7)
(2)
(14)
44
21
23

21

Pre-acquisition carrying amounts were based on applicable IFRS standards. 
The following valuation methods for the acquired assets were applied:
  Inventories: The 'pro rata basis valuation" was applied for estimating the fair value of acquired
inventories.  Realised margins were added to the book values of acquired inventories.  Subsequently,  the costs for completion for selling,  advertising and general administration as well as a
reasonable profit allowance were deducted. 

180 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
  Property,  plant and equipment: The 'indirect cost method" was applied for the valuation of
property,  plant and equipment.  The 'comparison method" was exclusively applied to the valuation
of embroidery machines.  In the 'indirect cost method",  the cost of 'as new" reproduction for each
asset or group of assets was determined by indexing the original capitalised cost.  If necessaryallowances have been taken into account for physical depreciation,  functional and economic obsolescence.  The 'comparison method" was applied by estimating prices of comparable embroidery
machines in terms of age,  make and model.  Indirect cost estimates such as freight,  installation
and set-up were also included in the valuation. 
  Trademarks and other intangible assets: The 'relief-from-royalty method" was applied for
trademarks/trade names.  The fair value was determined by discounting the royalty savings after
tax and adding a tax amortisation benefit,  resulting from the amortisation of the acquired asset. 
For the valuation of customer relationships,  the 'multi-period-excess-earnings method" was
used.  The respective future excess cash flows were identified and adjusted in order to eliminate all
elements not associated with these assets.  Future cash flows were measured on the basis of the
expected sales by deducting variable and sales-related imputed costs for the use of contributory
assets.  Subsequently,  the outcome was discounted using the appropriate discount rate and adding
 tax amortisation benefit.  The 'cost approach" was applied for apparel designs.  These were valued as the cost to recreate the current design plus the opportunity cost measured as the cash flow
impact between having pre-existing designs versus having to recreate the designs plus amortisation tax benefit.  The 'discounted cash flow method" was applied for covenants not-to-compete by
comparing the estimated prospective cash flows with and without the subject agreements in place. 
The value of the covenants not-to-compete is the difference between these discounted cash flows
being discounted to present value at the appropriate discount rate.  For the valuation of backlogsthe 'income approach" was used.  The corresponding cash flows were based on the estimated
exhaustion of the backlog,  and discounted with an appropriate discount rate.  Charges for the use
of contributory assets and an amortisation tax benefit were also included in the calculation. 
The negative goodwill resulted from the excess of net assets (fair values assigned to all
assets acquired less liabilities assumed) versus the acquisition cost paid,  due to a massive
decrease in the share price of the company acquired,  also taking the respective deferred taxes into
consideration. 
If this acquisition had occurred on January 1,  2008,  total Group net sales would have been
€ 109 billion and net income would have been € 611 million for the year ending December 31,  2008. 
Mainly due to restructuring costs and other one-time expenses,  the acquired subsidiary
contributed losses of € 13 million to the Group's total operating result in the fiscal year 2008.  Contribution to net income in 2008 could not be disclosed due to the integration of financing and tax
activities. 

Notes to the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
05

Cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash at banks and on hand as well as short-term bank
deposits.  Short-term financial assets are only shown as cash and cash equivalents if they are
readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes
in value. 

06

Short-term financial assets 
Short-term financial assets are classified at 'fair value through profit or loss".  Changes in the fair
value are recognised in the income statement as they occur. 
The majority of short-term financial assets are marketable securities relating to money
market funds and structured deposits. 

07

Accounts receivable 
Accounts receivable consist mainly of the currencies US dollar,  euro and Japanese yen and are
as follows:

Dec.  31,  2009

Accounts receivable,  gross
Less: allowance for doubtful accounts
Accounts receivable,  net 
Dec.  31,  2008

1553
124
1429

1743
119
1624

N°

Movement in allowances for doubtful accounts 
07

€ in millions 
Dec.  31,  2009
Dec.  31,  2008

past due
31 – 60 days 
past due
61 – 90 days 
past due
91 – 180 days 
past due more
than 180 days 
115
163

57
77

10
20


10


10

With respect to accounts receivable past due but not impaired,  based on credit history and current
credit ratings,  there are no indications that customers will not be able to meet their obligations. 
Further,  no indications of default are recognisable for accounts receivable that are neither
past due nor impaired. 

08

Other current financial assets
Other current financial assets consist of the following:
N°

Other current financial assets 
08

Interest rate derivatives
Currency options
Forward contracts
Security deposits
Other financial assets
Other current financial assets 
Dec.  31,  2008


22
20
60
58
160


22
156
66
42
287

Information in relation to forward contracts as well as currency options and interest rate derivatives is also included in these Notes  see Note 28. 

2009

Allowances at January 1
Additions
Additions Ashworth,  Inc.  acquisition
Reversals
Write-offs charged against the allowance accounts
Currency translation differences
Other changes
Allowances at December 31

past due
1 – 30 days 
Dec.  31,  2009

07

€ in millions 
07

€ in millions 
€ in millions 
N°

Accounts receivable 
N°

Accounts receivable past due but not impaired 
2008

119
68
—
(29)
(34)

0
124

111
49

(22)
(21)
(2)

119

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  181

09

Inventories
Inventories by major classification are as follows:

Property,  plant and equipment consist of the following:
N°

Inventories 
Property,  plant and equipment 
09

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

€ in millions 
Allowance for
obsolescence 
Net
value 
Gross
value 
Allowance for
obsolescence 
Net
value 
1197
317
26

1546

73
—

—
75

1124
317
24

1471

1463
566
40
10
2079

82
—

—
84

1381
566
38
10
1995

Goods in transit mainly relate to shipments of finished goods and merchandise from suppliers in
­
Asia to subsidiaries in Europe,  Asia and the Americas.  The carrying amount of inventories which
are measured at fair value less cost to sell amounts to € 355 million and € 407 million as at
December 31,  2009 and 2008,  respectively  see also Note 2. 

10

Other current assets
Other current assets consist of the following:
Other current assets
€ in millions 
N°

10
Dec.  31,  2009

Prepaid expenses
Tax receivables other than income taxes
Sundry
Other current assets,  gross
Less: allowance
Other current assets,  net 
Dec.  31,  2008

208
84
72
364

360

292
82
130
504

502

Prepaid expenses relate mainly to promotion agreements and service contracts as well as rents. 

182 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
N°

11
Dec.  31,  2009

Dec.  31,  2008

Gross
value 
Finished goods and
merchandise on hand
Goods in transit
Raw materials
Work in progress
Inventories 
11

Property,  plant and equipment 
Land and buildings/Leasehold improvements
Technical equipment and machinery
Other equipment,  furniture and fittings
Less: accumulated depreciation
Construction in progress,  net
Property,  plant and equipment,  net 
Dec.  31,  2008

380
156
876
1412
757
655
68
723

489
140
847
1476
656
820
66
886

Scheduled depreciation expenses were € 198 million and € 165 million for the years ending
December 31,  2009 and 2008,  respectively  see also Note 30.  Impairment losses which are included
within depreciation and amortisation (shown in other operating expenses  see also Note 30) were
€ 16 million and € 6 million for the years ending December 31,  2009 and 2008,  respectively. 
These are related to assets within other equipment,  furniture and fittings,  mainly in the Group's
own-retail activities,  for which contrary to expectations there will be an insufficient flow of future
economic benefits. 
In 2009,  assets amounting to € 2 million and € 0 million in connection with the unrealised
sale of assets  see Note 3 were transferred from 'assets classified as held-for-sale" to 'land and
buildings" and 'other equipment,  furniture and fittings" within property,  plant and equipmentrespectively. 
The reclassified depreciation expenses consist of depreciation subsequently reflected  see
also Note 3 and the formerly reclassified depreciation which has now been taken back. 
Contractual commitments for the acquisition of property,  plant and equipment mainly relate
to building projects in Herzogenaurach amounting to € 68 million. 
For details see Statement of Movements of Tangible and Intangible Assets  Attachment I to
these Notes. 

12

Goodwill 
Goodwill primarily relates to the Group's acquisitions of the Reebok and TaylorMade businesses as
well as recent and previous acquisitions of subsidiaries,  primarily in the United States,  Australia/
New Zealand,  Netherlands/Belgium and Italy. 

Dec.  31,  2009

Goodwill,  gross
Less: impairment
Goodwill,  net 
Trademarks and other intangible assets 
N°

13
Dec.  31,  2009

12

€ in millions 
Trademarks and other intangible assets consist of the following:

€ in millions 
N°

Goodwill 
13

Trademarks and other intangible assets 
Dec.  31,  2008

1478
—
1478

1499
—
1499

The majority of goodwill which primarily relates to the acquisition of the Reebok business in 2006
is denominated in US dollars.  A negative currency translation effect of € 27 million and positive
€ 45 million was recorded for the years ending December 31,  2009 and 2008,  respectively. 
The Group determines whether goodwill impairment is necessary at least on an annual
basis.  This requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the
goodwill is allocated.  Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of
the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating unit and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.  There was no impairment
expense for the years ending December 31,  2009 and 2008. 
Future changes in expected cash flows and discount rates may lead to impairments of
the accounted goodwill in the future.  For details see Statement of Movements of Tangible and
Intangible Assets  Attachment I to these Notes. 

Reebok
Rockport
Reebok-CCM Hockey
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
Trademarks,  gross
Less: accumulated amortisation
Trademarks,  net
Software,  patents and concessions,  gross
Less: accumulated amortisation
Other intangible assets,  net
Trademarks and other intangible assets,  net 
Dec.  31,  2008

1075
152
90
25
1342

1342
538
378
160
1502

1113
157
93
27
1390

1390
517
313
204
1594

At December 31,  2009,  trademarks,  mainly related to the acquisition of Reebok International Ltd. 
(USA) in 2006 and Ashworth,  Inc.  in 2008,  have indefinite useful lives.  They were estimated to be
indefinite due to the high degree of continuing brand recognition. 
The Group determines whether trademarks with indefinite useful life are impaired at least
on an annual basis.  This requires an estimation of the fair value less costs to sell of the trademarks.  Estimating the fair value less costs to sell requires the Group to make an estimate of the
expected future brand-specific sales and appropriate arm's length royalty rates from the cashgenerating unit and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value
of those cash flows.  There was no impairment expense for the years ending December 31,  2009
and 2008. 
Future changes in expected cash flows and discount rates may lead to impairments of the
accounted trademarks in the future. 
Scheduled depreciation expenses were € 66 million and € 61 million for the years ending
December 31,  2009 and 2008,  respectively  see also Note 30.  Impairment losses which are included
within depreciation and amortisation (shown in other operating expenses  see also Note 30) were
€ 19 million and € 0 million for the years ending December 31,  2009 and 2008,  respectively.  These
are related to distribution rights,  for which no future economic benefit exists. 
For details see Statement of Movements of Tangible and Intangible Assets  Attachment I to
these Notes. 

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  183

14

Long-term financial assets 
Long-term financial assets include a 10% investment in FC Bayern München AG of € 79 million (2008: € 77 million).  This investment is classified as 'fair value through profit or loss" and
recorded at fair value.  This equity security does not have a quoted market price in an active
market,  therefore existing contractual settlements were used in order to calculate the fair value
as at December 31,  2009.  Dividends are distributed by FC Bayern München AG instead of regular
interest payments. 
Additionally,  long-term financial assets include investments which are mainly invested in
insurance products and are measured at fair value,  as well as other financial assets. 

14

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Dec.  31,  2008

79
12

91

77
12

96

Fair value adjustments from impairment losses amounted to € 5 million and € 0 million for the
years ending December 31,  2009 and 2008,  respectively.  These are related to impairments of other
financial assets to cover anticipated risks of default  see also Note 32. 

15

Other non-current financial assets
Other non-current financial assets consist of the following:
Other non-current financial assets
€ in millions 
N°

15
Dec.  31,  2009

Interest rate derivatives
Currency options
Forward contracts
Security deposits
Other financial assets
Other non-current financial assets 
Dec.  31,  2008


19

21
12
58


19

23

60

Information regarding forward contracts as well as currency options and interest rate derivatives
is also included in these Notes  see also Note 28. 

184 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
Other non-current assets consist of the following:
Other non-current assets
€ in millions 
N°

16
Dec.  31,  2009

Prepaid expenses
Sundry
Other non-current assets 
Dec.  31,  2008

117

126

108
12
120

N°

Long-term financial assets 
Investment in FC Bayern München AG
Investments
Other financial assets
Long-term financial assets 
16

Other non-current assets 
Prepaid expenses mainly include prepayments for long-term promotional contracts and service
contracts  see also Note 37 and Note 27. 

Borrowings and credit lines 
17

With settlement on October 8,  2003,  the adidas Group had issued a € 400 million convertible
bond through its wholly-owned Dutch subsidiary,  adidas International Finance B. V.  The bond was
guaranteed by adidas AG and issued in tranches of € 50000 each with a maturity up to 15 years. 
The bond was,  at the option of the respective holder,  subject to certain conditions,  convertible from
and including November 18,  2003,  up to and including September 20,  2018,  into ordinary no-parvalue bearer shares of adidas AG at the conversion price of € 2550 which was fixed upon issue. 
The coupon of the bond was 25% and was payable annually in arrears on October 8 of each yearcommencing on October 8,  2004.  The bond was convertible into approximately 16 million no-parvalue bearer shares. 
The convertible bond was not callable by the issuer until October 2009.  It was callable
thereafter,  between October 2009 and October 2012,  subject to the adidas AG share price
amounting to at least 130% of the conversion price.  After having fulfilled the aforementioned
condition,  in October 2009 the Group announced the early redemption of the convertible bond. 
Following the announcement,  the convertible bond was fully converted into no-par-value bearer
shares of adidas AG by the bondholders.  Investors had the right to put the bond at par in October
2009,  October 2012 and October 2015. 
The fair values of the liability component and the equity conversion component were
determined on the issuance of the bond.  The fair value of the liability component,  included in
long-term borrowings,  was calculated using a market interest rate of approximately 46% for an
equivalent straight bond without conversion rights.  Due to the retrospective application of the
amendment to IAS 39 and IAS 32 as of December 31,  2005,  the liability and equity split of the
convertible bond changed.  As a result,  the liability component as at the date of issuance increased
by € 711 million with an equivalent decrease in equity.  The amount of the equity componentwhich is included in equity in the capital reserve,  amounts to € 441 million (less transaction costs
of € 09 million).  The liability component was valued using the 'effective interest method". 

The adidas AG share first traded above 110% (€ 2805) of the conversion price of € 2550 on more
than 20 trading days within the last 30 trading days in the fourth quarter of 2004.  Consequentlybondholders had the right to convert their convertible bonds into equity since January 1,  2005. 
Gross borrowings decreased by € 806 million in 2009 compared to an increase of
€ 427 million in 2008. 
In June 2009,  a German private placement in an amount of € 200 million was issuedconsisting of a three-year and five-year tranche.  Additionally,  adidas International Finance
B. V.,  a fully owned and guaranteed subsidiary of adidas AG,  issued a Eurobond in an amount of
€ 500 million in July 2009. 
Borrowings are denominated in a variety of currencies in which the Group conducts its
business.  The largest portions of effective gross borrowings (before liquidity swaps for cash
management purposes) as at December 31,  2009 are denominated in euros (2009: 61%; 2008:
57%) and US dollars (2009: 33%; 2008: 39%). 
The weighted average interest rate on the Group's gross borrowings remained stable at 52%
in 2009 (2008: 52%). 
As at December 31,  2009,  the Group had cash credit lines and other long-term financing
arrangements totalling € 59 billion (2008: € 65 billion); thereof unused credit lines accounted
for € 41 billion (2008: € 40 billion).  In addition,  the Group had separate lines for the issuance of
letters of credit and guarantees in an amount of approximately € 04 billion (2008: € 03 billion). 
The Group's outstanding financings are unsecured and may include standard financial
covenants,  which are reviewed on a quarterly basis.  These covenants may include limits on the
disposal of fixed assets,  the maximum amount of debt secured by liens,  cross default provisions
and change of control.  In addition,  certain financial arrangements contain equity ratio covenantsminimum equity covenants as well as net loss covenants. 
As of December 31,  2009,  and December 31,  2008,  actual shareholders' equity was well
above the amount of the minimum equity covenant.  Likewise,  the relevant amount of net income
clearly exceeded net loss covenants. 
The amounts disclosed as borrowings represent outstanding borrowings under the following
arrangements with aggregated expiration dates as follows:

N°

Gross borrowings as at December 31,  2008

17

€ in millions
Up to
 year 
Bank borrowings incl. 
commercial paper
Private placements
Convertible bond
Total 
Between 1
and 3 years 
Between 3
and 5 years 
After
 years 
Total 
—
404
393
797

—
462
—
462

748
332
—
1080

—
234
—
234

748
1432
393
2573

18

Other current financial liabilities
Other current financial liabilities consist of the following:
Other current financial liabilities
€ in millions 
N°

18
Dec.  31,  2009

Interest rate derivatives
Currency options
Forward contracts
Other financial liabilities
Other current financial liabilities 
Dec.  31,  2008


10
69
20
101

—
15
42
22
79

N°

Gross borrowings as at December 31,  2009

17

€ in millions 
Information regarding forward contracts as well as currency options and interest rate derivatives
is also included in these Notes  see Note 28. 

Up to
 year 
Bank borrowings incl. 
commercial paper
Private placements
Eurobond
Convertible bond
Total 
In accordance with the long-term funding strategy,  the bank borrowings and commercial paper
with short-term maturities are also classified as long-term borrowings as they represent permanent funding volumes that are covered by the committed long-term syndicated loan. 

Between 1
and 3 years 
Between 3
and 5 years 
After
 years 
Total 
—
198
—
—
198

103
458
—
—
561

—
324
498
—
822

—
186
—
—
186

103
1166
498
—
1767

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  185

Provisions 
19

Provisions consist of the following:
N°

Provisions 
19

€ in millions 
Jan.  1,  2009

Currency
translation
differences 
Usage 
Reversals 
Changes in
companies
consolidated 
Additions 
Transfers 
Dec.  31,  2009

Thereof
noncurrent 
54
42
114
13
129
352

—
(1)
(1)
—
(1)
(3)

24
20
70

21
140


1

—

7

—
—
—
—
—
—

16
35
63

29
147

—
—
—
—
—
—

45
55
105
12
132
349

—
11

—
16
29

Marketing
Employee benefits
Returns,  allowances,  warranty
Taxes,  other than income taxes
Other provisions
Total provisions 
Marketing provisions mainly consist of provisions for promotion contracts. 
Provisions for employee benefits mainly consist of provisions for profit-sharing plans.  With
regard to provisions for early retirement,  claims for reimbursement in an amount of € 3 million
(December 31,  2008: € 2 million) are shown under other non-current assets. 

Accrued liabilities 
Other provisions mainly include items not otherwise allocated as well as anticipated losses from
purchases and other transactions,  and contingent losses from pending lawsuits. 
Management follows past experience from similar transactions when estimating the
amounts recognised as provisions while considering all evidence from events until the preparation
of the consolidated financial statements. 

20

Accrued liabilities consist of the following:
N°

Accrued liabilities 
20

€ in millions 
Jan.  1,  2009

Currency
translation
differences 
Usage 
Reversals 
Changes in
companies
consolidated 
Additions 
Transfers 
Dec.  31,  2009

Thereof
noncurrent 
321
155
157
88
721

(5)

(1)
—
(3)

245
107
87
48
487


6
14

26

—
—
—
—
—

186
109
107
40
442

—
—
—
—
—

252
154
162
79
647


1
16

22

Goods and services not yet invoiced
Marketing
Payroll and commissions
Other accruals
Total accrued liabilities 
Marketing accrued liabilities mainly consist of accruals for distribution,  such as discounts,  rebates
and sales commissions. 
Accrued liabilities for payroll and commissions mainly consist of accruals for outstanding
salary payments,  such as bonuses and overtime,  as well as outstanding vacation. 

186 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
Other accrued liabilities mainly include items not otherwise allocated and also accruals for
interest. 

21

Other current liabilities
Other current liabilities consist of the following:

The Group has recognised post-employment benefit obligations arising from defined benefit
plans.  The benefits are provided pursuant to the legal,  fiscal and economic conditions in each
respective country. 

N°

Other current liabilities 
21

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Finance lease obligations
Liabilities due to personnel
Tax liabilities other than income taxes
Liabilities due to social security
Deferred income
Sundry
Other current liabilities 
Dec.  31,  2008


31
108
13
27
52
232

Information regarding finance lease obligations is also included in these Notes 

30
80
10
18
76
216

 see Note 27. 

N°

Pensions and similar obligations 
23

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Net liability
  thereof defined benefit liability
  thereof defined benefit asset
  thereof adidas AG:
   Defined benefit liability
   Defined benefit asset
Similar obligations
Pensions and similar obligations
  thereof defined benefit liability
  thereof defined benefit asset 
Dec.  31,  2008

148
150
(2)

119
124
(5)

123
(2)

155
157
(2)

102
(5)

127
132
(5)

22

Other non-current financial liabilities 
Defined contribution plans
The total expense for defined contribution plans amounted to € 35 million in 2009 (2008: € 33 million). 

Other non-current financial liabilities consist of the following:
N°

Other non-current financial liabilities 
22

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Interest rate derivatives
Currency options
Forward contracts
Other financial liabilities
Other non-current financial liabilities 
23

Pensions and similar obligations 
Dec.  31,  2008

10
10

—
25


13

—
23

Defined benefit plans
Given the diverse Group structure,  different defined benefit plans exist,  comprising a variety of
post-employment benefit arrangements.  The benefit plans generally provide payments in case of
death,  disability or retirement to former employees and their survivors.  The obligations arising
from defined benefit plans are partly covered by plan assets. 
N°

Actuarial assumptions 
23

in %
Dec.  31,  2009

Information regarding forward contracts as well as currency options and interest rate derivatives
is also included in these Notes  see Note 28. 
Liabilities due after more than five years amounted to € 1 million at December 31,  2009
(2008: € 2 million). 

Discount rate
Salary increases
Pension increases
Expected return on plan assets 
Dec.  31,  2008

50
33
20
54

59
43
20
50

The actuarial assumptions as at the balance sheet date are used to determine the defined benefit
liability at that date and the pension expense for the upcoming financial year. 

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  187

The actuarial assumptions for withdrawal rate and mortality are based on statistical information
available in the various countries,  the latter for Germany on the Heubeck 2005 G mortality tables. 
The Group recognises actuarial gains or losses arising in defined benefit plans during the
financial year immediately outside the income statement in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.  The actuarial losses recognised in this statement for 2009 amount to € 16 million
(2008: positive € 3 million).  The accumulated actuarial losses recognised amount to € 25 million
(2008: € 9 million)  see also Note 26. 
The expected return on plan assets assumption is set separately for the various benefit
plans.  The expected return on plan assets is determined for each asset category separately and
generally based on capital market research and forecasted returns.  The expected return on plan
assets for the funded benefit plan in Germany is based on the overall surplus sharing of the
underlying insurance contracts. 
N°

Pension expenses for defined benefit plans 
23

€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Current service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Pension expenses 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

11
10
(3)
18

12

(4)
17

Of the total pension expenses,  an amount of € 13 million (2008: € 12 million) relates to employees
in Germany.  The pension expense is recorded within the other operating expenses whereas the
production-related part thereof is recognised within the cost of sales. 
N°

Defined benefit obligation 
23

€ in millions
2009

Defined benefit obligation as at January 1
Currency translation differences
Current service cost
Interest cost
Contribution by plan participants
Pensions paid
Actuarial loss/(gain)
Defined benefit obligation as at December 31

188 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
2008

172

11
10

(8)
19
207

171
(4)
12

1
(6)
(11)
172

N°

Status of funded and unfunded obligations 
23

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Present value of unfunded obligation
Present value of funded obligation
Present value of total obligations
Fair value of plan assets
Asset ceiling effect
Recognised net liability for defined benefit obligations
  thereof defined benefit liability
  thereof defined benefit asset 
Dec.  31,  2008

144
63
207
(61)

148
150
(2)

120
52
172
(53)
—
119
124
(5)

The asset ceiling effect arises from the German funded defined benefit plan and is recognised in
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
The calculations of assets and liabilities recognised from defined benefit plans are based
upon statistical and actuarial valuations.  In particular,  the present value of the defined benefit
obligation is driven by financial variables (such as the discount rates or future benefit increases)
and demographic variables (such as mortality and withdrawal rate).  The actuarial assumptions
may differ significantly from the actual experience,  i, e.  the present value of the benefits actually
provided in future may differ from the amount reported. 
N°

Movement in plan assets 
23

€ in millions
2009

Fair value of plan assets at January 1
Currency translation differences
Pensions paid
Contributions by the employer
Contributions paid by plan participants
Actuarial gain/(loss)
Expected return on plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at December 31

2008

53

(3)

0

3
61

60
(5)
(2)

1
(8)

53

In 2010,  the expected payments amount to € 9 million.  Thereof € 7 million relate to benefits paid
immediately by the company and contributions paid by the company into plan assets amount to
€ 2 million.  In 2009,  the actual return on plan assets is € 6 million (2008: negative € 4 million). 

23

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Dec.  31,  2008

19
13

19

61

Equity instruments
Bonds
Real estate
Pension plan reinsurance
Other assets
Fair value of plan assets 
15
11

16
10
53

23

€ in millions 
Dec.  31,  2008

Dec.  31,  2007

Dec.  31,  2006

Dec.  31,  2005

207
61
(2)
148

172
53
(5)
124

171
60
(4)
115

170
46
(2)
126

131
—
—
131

Experience adjustments arising
on the plan liabilities 
(3)



(1)





Experience adjustments arising
on the plan assets 


(8)



—

—

24

Other non-current liabilities
Other non-current liabilities consist of the following:
N°

Other non-current liabilities 
24

€ in millions 
26

Shareholders' equity 
Dec.  31,  2009

Dec.  31,  2009

Finance lease obligations
Liabilities due to personnel
Deferred income
Sundry
Other non-current liabilities 
This line item within equity comprises the equity of third parties in a number of our consolidated
companies.  Minority interests are attributable to seven subsidiaries as at December 31,  2009 and
six subsidiaries as at December 31,  2008  see Shareholdings/Attachment II to these Notes. 
These subsidiaries were partly acquired in connection with the acquisition of Reebok and
partly through purchases or foundations in the last two years. 
In accordance with IAS 32,  the following minority interests are not reported within minority
interests: GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG (Germany),  as the
company is a limited partnership,  and adidas Hellas A. E.  (Greece) in 2008,  as this minority was
held with a put option.  The fair value of these minorities is shown within other liabilities.  The
result for these minorities is reported within financial expenses. 

N°

Historical development 
Present value of defined benefit obligation
Fair value of plan assets
Thereof: defined benefit assets
Deficit in plan 
25

Minority interests 
N°

Constitution of plan assets 
Dec.  31,  2008


7
17

28


10
17
–
29

On December 31,  2008,  the nominal capital of adidas AG ('the company") amounted to
€ 193515512 divided into 193515512 no-par-value bearer shares ('shares") and was fully
paid in. 
As a result of the exercise of 4100 share options in August 2009 and the issuance of 16400
shares associated with the company's Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) on October 5,  2009the nominal capital of adidas AG increased to an overall amount of € 193531912 and was divided
into 193531912 shares. 
Furthermore,  the nominal capital increased as a result of the exercise of all 7999
outstanding convertible bonds with conversion rights issued by adidas International Finance
B. V.  (formerly adidas-Salomon International Finance B. V. ) in 2003 and guaranteed by adidas AG
(formerly adidas-Salomon AG),  and the issuance of 15684274 new shares on November 9,  2009
to an overall amount of € 209216186 divided into 209216186 shares. 
At the balance sheet date,  the nominal capital of the company amounted to a total of
€ 209216186 and was divided into 209216186 shares.  The nominal capital is fully paid in. 
The corresponding adjustment to the amount of nominal capital resulting from the above
transactions up to and including December 31,  2009 was submitted for declaratory entry in the
commercial register on January 28,  2010. 
Apart from the aforementioned,  there were no changes to the nominal capital.  Consequentlyon February 19,  2010,  the nominal capital of adidas AG amounts to € 209216186 and is divided
into 209216186 shares. 
Each share grants one vote and is entitled to dividends starting from the beginning of the
year it was issued.  Treasury shares held directly or indirectly are not entitled to dividend payment
in accordance with § 71 b German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz AktG).  On February 192010,  the company did not hold treasury shares. 

Information regarding finance lease obligations is also included in these Notes  see Note 27. 
Liabilities due after more than five years amounted to € 10 million at December 31,  2009
(2008: € 15 million). 

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  189

The number of shares in circulation is as follows:
N°

Development of number of shares in circulation 
26
Change in number
of shares +/–

Number of no-par-value shares issued as at Jan.  1,  2009
Capital increase and issuance of no-par-value shares on October 5,  2009
based on MSOP exercises in August 2009
Capital increase and issuance of no-par-value shares resulting from the
exercise of 7999 conversion rights deriving from the convertible bond on
November 9,  2009
Number of no-par-value shares issued as at Dec.  31,  2009

Number of
shares 
193515512
+ 16400

193531912

+ 15684274

209216186
209216186

Authorised Capital
The Executive Board of adidas AG did not make use of the existing amounts of Authorised Capital
of up to € 95000000 in the financial year 2009 or in the period following the balance sheet date
up to and including February 19,  2010.  The following description of the existing authorised capital
does not contain the cancellation of the Authorised Capital 2005/I and 2008,  which had not been
made use of up to May 7,  2009,  resolved by the Annual General Meeting on May 7,  2009. 
The Authorised Capital of the company,  which is set out in § 4 sections 2,  3 and 4 of the

­ rticles of Association as at the balance sheet date,  entitles the Executive Board,  subject to

­ upervisory Board approval,  to increase the nominal capital
until June 21,  2014
  by issuing new shares against contributions in cash once or several times by no more than
€ 50000000 and,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to exclude residual amounts from shareholders' subscription rights (Authorised Capital 2009/I);
until June 21,  2012
  by issuing new shares against contributions in kind once or several times by no more than
€ 25000000 and,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to exclude shareholders' subscription
rights (Authorised Capital 2009/II);
until May 28,  2011
  by issuing new shares against contributions in cash once or several times by no more than
€ 20000000 and,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to exclude residual amounts from shareholders' subscription rights and to exclude shareholders' subscription rights when issuing the new
shares at a value not essentially below the stock market price of shares with the same features
(Authorised Capital 2006).  The authorisation to exclude subscription rights pursuant to the last
sentence,  may,  however,  only be used to the extent that the pro-rata amount of the new shares
in the nominal capital together with the pro-rata amount in the nominal capital of other shares
which were issued by the company since May 11,  2006,  subject to the exclusion of subscription 
190 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
rights pursuant to § 186 section 3 sentence 4 AktG on the basis of authorised capital or following a repurchase,  or for which conversion or subscription rights were granted after May 11,  2006through issuance of convertible bonds or bonds with warrants,  with subscription rights excluded
pursuant to § 186 section 3 sentence 4 AktG,  does not exceed 10% of the nominal capital existing
on the date of entry of this authorisation into the commercial register or if this amount is lower –
as at the respective date on which the authorisation is used. 

Contingent Capital
The following description of the Contingent Capital is based on § 4 sections 5,  6 and 7 of the
Articles of Association as well as the underlying resolutions of the Annual General Meeting. 
Further amounts of contingent capital do not exist. 
Contingent Capital 1999/I
The Contingent Capital 1999/I served the purpose of fulfilling stock options in connection with the
Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) to members of the Executive Board of adidas AG as well
as to managing directors/senior vice presidents of its affiliated companies and to other executives
of adidas AG and of its affiliated companies. 
Due to the issuance of 16400 shares resulting from the exercise of 4100 share options
within the exercise periods ending in October 2009 for Tranche V (2003) of the Management Share
Option Plan (MSOP),  the nominal amount of the Contingent Capital 1999/I totalled € 1278348
since October 5,  2009 and at the balance sheet date,  divided into 1278348 shares. 
The corresponding adjustment of the amount of Contingent Capital 1999/I was submitted
for declaratory entry in the commercial register on January 28,  2010 and will be amended in the
Articles of Association following the registration. 
All option rights deriving from the company's Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) have
either been exercised or lapsed.  The Contingent Capital 1999/I is not used any further. 
Consequently,  on February 19,  2010,  the nominal amount of Contingent Capital 1999/I
amounts to € 1278348 and is divided into 1278348 shares. 
Contingent Capital 2003/II
The Contingent Capital 2003/II served the purpose of meeting conversion rights deriving from
the convertible bonds issued by adidas International Finance B. V.  in 2003 and guaranteed by
adidas AG. 
After the issuance of 15684274 new shares as a result of the exercise of the conversion
rights deriving from all outstanding 7999 convertible bonds,  the Contingent Capital 2003/II
amounts to only € 20313766 and is divided into up to 20313766 shares as at balance sheet
date (35998040 as at December 31,  2008).  There are no more subscription or conversion rights
outstanding. 
The corresponding adjustment to the amount of the Contingent Capital 2003/II resulting from
the above transaction up to and including December 31,  2009 was submitted for declaratory entry
in the commercial register on January 28,  2010 and will be amended in the Articles of Association
following the registration. 
The Contingent Capital 2003/II is not used any further. 
Consequently,  on February 19,  2010,  the nominal amount of the Contingent Capital 2003/II
amounts to € 20313766 and is divided into 20313766 shares. 

Contingent Capital 2006
The nominal capital is conditionally increased by up to € 20000000 divided into not more than
20000000 shares (Contingent Capital 2006) as at balance sheet date.  The contingent capital
increase will be implemented only to the extent that holders of the subscription or conversion
rights or the persons obliged to exercise the subscription or conversion duties based on the bonds
with warrants or convertible bonds,  which are issued or guaranteed by the company or an affiliated company pursuant to the authorisation of the Executive Board by resolution of the Annual
General Meeting of May 11,  2006,  make use of their subscription or conversion rights or,  if they are
obliged to exercise the subscription or conversion rights,  they meet their obligations to exercise
the warrant or convert the bond.  The Executive Board is authorised,  subject to Supervisory Board
approval,  to fully exclude shareholders' rights when issuing warrants and/or convertible bonds,  if
the bonds with warrants and/or convertible bonds are issued at a price which is not significantly
below the market value of these bonds.  The limit for subscription right exclusions of 10% of the
registered nominal capital in accordance with § 186 section 3 sentence 4 in conjunction with § 221
section 4 sentence 2 AktG shall be observed. 
The Executive Board of adidas AG did not issue subscription or conversion rights,  or shares
from the Contingent Capital 2006 in the financial year 2009 or in the period following the balance
sheet date up to and including February 19,  2010. 
Repurchase of adidas AG shares
At the Annual General Meeting on May 7,  2009,  the shareholders of the company cancelled the
authorisation to repurchase adidas AG shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on May 82008,  which had partly been used in 2008,  but not in the year under review.  At the same time,  the
shareholders granted the Executive Board an authorisation to repurchase adidas AG shares in an
amount totalling up to 10% of the nominal capital until November 6,  2010.  The authorisation may
be used by the company and also by its subsidiaries or by third parties appointed by the company
or a subsidiary,  on behalf of the company or its subsidiaries.  See  Disclosures pursuant to § 315 Section 4 of the German Commercial Code,  p.  129 for further information. 
The authorisation was not utilised in the year under review and up to and including February
19,  2010. 
Convertible bond
The 25% convertible bond with conversion rights into adidas AG shares issued by adidas

­ nternational Finance B. V.  on October 8,  2003 and absolutely and irrevocably guaranteed by

­ didas AG,  in the aggregate principal amount of € 400000000 and with a term ending on October
8,  2018 was redeemed prematurely on October 8,  2009 being effective November 23,  2009.  Up to
and including November 9,  2009,  all conversion rights deriving from the outstanding 7999 bonds
were exercised.  Following the completion of the conversion process,  15684274 new shares based
on the Contingent Capital 2003/II of the company were issued.  The new shares are entitled to
dividends as of the beginning of the financial year 2009. 
Changes in the percentage of voting rights
Pursuant to § 160 section 1 number 8 AktG,  existing shareholdings which have been notified
to the company in accordance with § 21 section 1 or section 1a German Securities Trading Act
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz WpHG) need to be disclosed. 

The Capital Research and Management Company,  Los Angeles,  USA,  informed the company by letter
on January 5,  2009,  pursuant to § 21 section 1 sentence 1 WpHG,  that on December 19,  2008,  their
voting interest in adidas AG exceeded the threshold of 5% and amounted to 501% of the voting rights
(9695127 shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to the Capital Research and
Management Company,  in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 WpHG. 
The Euro Pacific Growth Fund,  Los Angeles,  USA,  informed the company by letter on January 19,  2009,  pursuant to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on January 13,  2009,  their voting interest in
adidas AG had exceeded the threshold of 3% and amounted to 311% of the voting rights (6021253
shares) on this date. 
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation,  New York,  USA,  informed the company by letter
on February 3,  2009 in accordance with § 21 section 1 sentence 1 WpHG that on January 14,  2009their voting interest in adidas AG exceeded the threshold of 3% and amounted to 305% of the voting rights (5901424 shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to the Bank of
New York Mellon Corporation in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 in conjunction with § 22 section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 
The UBS AG,  Zurich,  Switzerland,  informed the company by letter on March 3,  2009,  pursuant
to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on February 25,  2009,  their voting interest in adidas AG had exceeded
the threshold of 3% and amounted to 337% of the voting rights (6525021 shares) on this date. 
023% of these voting rights (442894 shares) are attributable to UBS AG in accordance with § 22
section 1 sentence 1 number 1 WpHG. 
The UBS AG,  Zurich,  Switzerland,  informed the company by letter on March 4,  2009,  pursuant to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on February 26,  2009,  their voting interest in adidas AG had fallen
below the threshold of 3% and amounted to 104% of the voting rights (2010607 shares) on this
date.  023% of these voting rights (442832 shares) are attributable to UBS AG in accordance with
§ 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 1 WpHG. 
The Fidelity International,  Tadworth,  Great Britain,  informed the company by letter on March
4,  2009 on behalf of FMR LLC,  Boston,  USA,  pursuant to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on February
26,  2009,  their voting interest in adidas AG had fallen below the threshold of 3% and amounted to
295% of the voting rights (5700013 shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable
to the FMR LLC in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 in conjunction with § 22
section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 
The Invesco Ltd,  Hamilton,  Bermudas,  informed the company by letter on March 27,  2009pursuant to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on September 30,  2008,  their voting interest in adidas AG
had fallen below the threshold of 3% and amounted to 297% of the voting rights (5894813 shares)
on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to Invesco Ltd.  in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 in conjunction with § 22 section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 
The Invesco Holdings Company Limited,  London,  Great Britain,  informed the company by letter on March 27,  2009,  pursuant to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on September 30,  2008,  their voting
interest in adidas AG had fallen below the threshold of 3% and amounted to 297% of the voting
rights (5894813 shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to Invesco Holdings
Limited in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 in conjunction with § 22 section 1
sentence 2 WpHG. 
The IVZ Callco Inc.,  Halifax,  Canada,  informed the company by letter on March 27,  2009,  pursuant to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on September 30,  2008,  their voting interest in adidas AG had
fallen below the threshold of 3% and amounted to 297% of the voting rights (5894813 shares) on
this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to IVZ Callco Inc.  in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 in conjunction with § 22 section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 
Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  191

The Invesco Inc.,  Toronto,  Canada,  informed the company by letter on March 27,  2009,  pursuant
to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on September 30,  2008,  their voting interest in adidas AG had fallen
below the threshold of 3% and amounted to 297% of the voting rights (5894813 shares) on this
date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to Invesco Inc.  in accordance with § 22 section 1
sentence 1 number 6 in conjunction with § 22 section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 
The Invesco Canada Holdings Inc.  (formerly AIM Canada Holdings Inc. ),  Toronto,  Canadainformed the company by letter on March 27,  2009,  pursuant to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on
September 30,  2008,  their voting interest in adidas AG had fallen below the threshold of 3% and
amounted to 297% of the voting rights (5894813 shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights
are attributable to the Invesco Canada Holdings Inc.  in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1
number 6 in conjunction with § 22 section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 
The Invesco Trimark Ltd (formerly AIM Funds Management Inc. ),  Toronto,  Canada,  informed
the company by letter on March 27,  2009,  pursuant to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on September
30,  2008,  their voting interest in adidas AG had fallen below the threshold of 3% and amounted to
297% of the voting rights (5894813 shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable
to Invesco Trimark Ltd in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 WpHG. 
The notifications of voting rights of March 27,  2009 as listed above are the revisions of the
notifications dated October 2,  2008,  which had not been disclosed due to concerns of the Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht BaFin) regarding formal requirements. 
The UBS AG,  Zurich,  Switzerland,  informed the company by letter on April 21,  2009,  pursuant
to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on April 15,  2009,  their voting interest in adidas AG had exceeded the
threshold of 3% and amounted to 323% of the voting rights (6248659 shares) on this date.  039%
of these voting rights (749197 shares) are attributable to UBS AG in accordance with § 22 section 1
sentence 1 number 1 WpHG. 
The UBS AG,  Zurich,  Switzerland,  informed the company by letter on April 23,  2009,  pursuant
to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on April 20,  2009,  their voting interest in adidas AG had fallen below
the threshold of 3% and amounted to 082% of the voting rights (1580086 shares) on this date. 
039% of these voting rights (758034 shares) are attributable to UBS AG in accordance with § 22
section 1 sentence 1 number 1 WpHG. 
The Euro Pacific Growth Fund,  Los Angeles,  USA,  informed the company by letter on June
11,  2009,  pursuant to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on June 8,  2009,  their voting interest in adidas AG
exceeded the threshold of 5% and amounted to 501% of the voting rights (9696414 shares) on
this date. 
BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited,  London,  United Kingdom,  informed the company by letter on December 7,  2009 pursuant to § 21 section 1 as well as § 24 WpHG that:
1) On December 1,  2009,  the voting interest of BlackRock Financial Management,  Inc.,  New
York,  USA,  in adidas AG exceeded the threshold of 3% and amounted to 474% of the voting rights
(9921962 shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to BlackRock Financial
Management,  Inc.  in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 in conjunction with § 22
section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 

192 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
2) On December 1,  2009,  the voting interest of BlackRock Holdco 2,  Inc.,  New York,  USA,  in
adidas AG exceeded the threshold of 3% and amounted to 474% of the voting rights (9921962
shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to BlackRock Holdco 2,  Inc.  in
accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 in conjunction with § 22 section 1 sentence 2
WpHG. 
3) On December 1,  2009,  the voting interest of BlackRock,  Inc.,  New York,  USA,  in adidas AG
exceeded the threshold of 3% and amounted to 493% of the voting rights (10308916 shares) on
this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to BlackRock,  Inc.  in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 in conjunction with § 22 section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 
BlackRock,  Inc.,  New York,  USA,  informed the company by letter on January 5,  2010,  pursuant to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on December 9,  2009,  their voting interest in adidas AG exceeded
the threshold of 5% and amounted to 503% of the voting rights (10521736 shares) on this date. 
All of these voting rights are attributable to BlackRock,  Inc.  in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 in conjunction with § 22 section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 
The BlackRock Inc.,  New York,  USA,  informed the company by letter on January 28,  2010pursuant to § 21 section 1 WpHG,  that on January 25,  2010,  its voting interest in adidas AG had
fallen below the threshold of 5% and amounted to 499% of the voting rights (10458560 shares) on
this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to BlackRock,  Inc.  in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 in conjunction with § 22 section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation,  New York,  USA,  informed the company by letter
on February 5,  2010 in accordance with § 21 section 1 sentence 1 WpHG that on February 3,  2010their voting interest in adidas AG exceeded the threshold of 3% and amounted to 299% of the voting rights (6260660 shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to the Bank of
New York Mellon Corporation in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 in conjunction with § 22 section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation,  New York,  USA,  informed the company by letter
on February 12,  2010 in accordance with § 21 section 1 sentence 1 WpHG that on February 9,  2010their voting interest in adidas AG exceeded the threshold of 3% and amounted to 3004% of the voting rights (6284824 shares) on this date.  All of these voting rights are attributable to the Bank of
New York Mellon Corporation in accordance with § 22 section 1 sentence 1 number 6 in conjunction with § 22 section 1 sentence 2 WpHG. 

Capital management
The Group's policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor,  creditor and
market confidence and to sustain future development of the business. 
The Group seeks to maintain a balance between a higher return on equity that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital
position.  Following the achievement of the medium-term goal of financial leverage below 50% in
2009,  the Group aims to maintain net debt below two times EBITDA.  Financial leverage is derived
by dividing net borrowings (short- and long-term borrowings less cash and cash equivalents as
well as short-term financial assets) in an amount of € 917 million by shareholders' equity in an
amount of € 3771 million.  Earnings before interest,  taxes,  depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA)
amounted to € 780 million for the fiscal year ending December 31,  2009.  The ratio between net
borrowings and EBITDA amounted to 12 for the fiscal year ending December 31,  2009. 

Reserves
Reserves within shareholders' equity are as follows:
  Capital reserve: comprises the paid premium for the issuance of share capital. 
  Cumulative translation adjustments: this reserve comprises all foreign currency differences
arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations. 
  Hedging reserve: comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value
of cash flow hedges related to hedged transactions that have not yet occurred as well as of hedges
of net investments in foreign subsidiaries. 
  Other reserves: comprise the cumulative net change of actuarial gains or losses and the asset
ceiling effect regarding defined benefit plans,  expenses recognised for share option plans as well
as fair values of available-for-sale financial assets. 
  Retained earnings: comprise the accumulated profits less dividends paid. 
Distributable profits and dividends
Distributable profits to shareholders are determined by reference to the retained earnings of

­ didas AG and calculated under German Commercial Law. 
The dividend for 2008 was € 050 per share (total amount: € 97 million),  approved by the
2009 Annual General Meeting.  The Executive Board of adidas AG will propose to shareholders a
dividend payment of € 035 per dividend-entitled share for the year 2009 to be made from retained

­ arnings of € 285 million reported as at December 31,  2009.  The subsequent remaining amount
will be ­ arried forward. 

209216186 dividend-entitled shares exist as at December 31,  2009,  which would lead to a
dividend payment of € 73 million. 

N°

Minimum lease payments for finance leases 
27

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Dec.  31,  2008


1

3

3


2

5

5


1


Lease payments falling due:
  Within 1 year
  Between 1 and 5 years
  After 5 years
Total lease payments
Less: estimated amount representing interest
Obligation under finance leases
Thereof falling due:
  Within 1 year
  Between 1 and 5 years
  After 5 years 

2


27

Leasing and service arrangements 
Operating leases
The Group leases primarily retail stores as well as offices,  warehouses and equipment.  The
contracts regarding these leases with expiration dates of between one and fifteen years partly
include renewal options and escalation clauses.  Rent expenses,  which partly depend on net
sales,  amounted to € 480 million and € 422 million for the years ending December 31,  2009 and
2008,  respectively. 
Future minimum lease payments for minimum lease durations are as follows:

27

€ in millions 
Service arrangements
The Group has outsourced certain logistics and information technology functions,  for which it
has entered into long-term contracts.  Financial commitments under these contracts mature as
follows:
N°

Financial commitments for service arrangements 
27

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

N°

Minimum lease payments for operating leases
Dec.  31,  2009

Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total 
Finance leases
The Group also leases various premises for administration,  warehousing,  research and development as well as production,  which are classified as finance leases. 
The net carrying amount of these assets of € 3 million and € 5 million was included in property,  plant and equipment as at December 31,  2009 and 2008,  respectively.  Interest expenses were
€ 1 million (2008: € 2 million) and depreciation expenses were € 1 million (2008: € 1 million) for
the year ending December 31,  2009. 
The minimum lease payments under these contracts over their remaining terms which
extend up to 2016 and their net present values are as follows:

Dec.  31,  2008

360
619
320
1299

213
516
340
1069

Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total 
Dec.  31,  2008

42
59
—
101

49
48
—
97

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  193

Financial instruments 
28

Additional disclosures on financial instruments
N°

Carrying Amounts of Financial Instruments as at December 31,  2009,  according to Categories of IAS 39 and their Fair Values 
28

€ in millions 
Measurement according to IAS 39
Category
according to
IAS 39

Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term financial assets
Accounts receivable
Other current financial assets
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial assets
Long-term financial assets
Other equity investments
Available-for-sale financial assets
Loans
Other non-current financial assets
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial assets
Assets classified as held for sale
Financial liabilities
Short-term borrowings
Private placements
Convertible bond
Eurobond
Accounts payable
Accrued liabilities
Other current financial liabilities
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial liabilities
Finance lease obligations 
194 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
Carrying
amount
Dec.  31,  2009

n, a. 
FAHfT
LaR

775
75
1429

n, a. 
FAHfT
LaR

17
25
118

FAHfT
AfS
LaR

79
12


n, a. 
FAHfT
LaR
LaR

11
14
33
—

FLAC
FLAC
FLAC
FLAC
FLAC

198
—
—
1166
282

n, a. 
FLHfT
FLAC
n, a. 

72

20


Amortised
cost 
Fair value
recognised
in equity 
Fair value
recognised
in net income 
Measurement
according to
IAS 17

775

775
75
1429

75
1429
17

Fair value
Dec.  31,  2009


25

17
25
118

79

79
12



14

33
—

11
14
33
—

198
—
—
1166
282

199
—
—
1166
282

118

12

7

72

20


72

20


N°

Carrying Amounts of Financial Instruments as at December 31,  2009,  according to Categories of IAS 39 and their Fair Values 
28

€ in millions 
Measurement according to IAS 39
Category
according to
IAS 39

Long-term borrowings
Bank borrowings incl.  commercial paper
Private placements
Convertible bond
Eurobond
Other non-current financial liabilities
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial liabilities
Finance lease obligations
Liabilities classified as held for sale 
Carrying
amount
Dec.  31,  2009

Amortised
cost 
FLAC
FLAC
FLAC
FLAC

103
968
—
498

103
968
—
498

n, a. 
FLHfT
FLAC
n, a. 
FLAC

13
12
—

—

Fair value
recognised
in equity 
Fair value
recognised
in net income 
Measurement
according to
IAS 17

Fair value
Dec.  31,  2009

103
1010
—
518
13

—
12

—

—

13
12
—

—

Thereof: aggregated by category according to IAS 39
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
thereof: designated as such upon initial recognition (Fair Value Option FVO)
thereof: Held for Trading (FAHfT)
Loans and Receivables (LaR)
Available-for-Sale Financial Assets (AfS)
Financial Liabilities Measured at Amortised Cost (FLAC)
Financial Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Held for Trading (FLHfT)

193
−
193
1580
12
3235
21

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  195

N°

Carrying Amounts of Financial Instruments as at December 31,  2008,  according to Categories of IAS 39 and their Fair Values 
28

€ in millions 
Measurement according to IAS 39
Category
according to
IAS 39

Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term financial assets
Accounts receivable
Other current financial assets
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial assets
Long-term financial assets
Other equity investments
Available-for-sale financial assets
Loans
Other non-current financial assets
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial assets
Assets classified as held for sale
Financial liabilities
Short-term borrowings
Private placements
Convertible bond
Eurobond
Accounts payable
Accrued liabilities
Other current financial liabilities
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial liabilities
Finance lease obligations 
196 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
Carrying
amount
Dec.  31,  2008

n, a. 
FAHfT
LaR

244
141
1624

n, a. 
FAHfT
LaR

147
32
108

FAHfT
AfS
LaR

77
12


n, a. 
FAHfT
LaR
LaR

24
10
26


FLAC
FLAC
FLAC
FLAC
FLAC

404
393
—
1218
364

n, a. 
FLHfT
FLAC
n, a. 

36
21
22


Amortised
cost 
Fair value
recognised
in equity 
Fair value
recognised
in net income 
Measurement
according to
IAS 17

244

244
141
1624

141
1624
146

Fair value
Dec.  31,  2008


32

147
32
108

77

77
12



10

26


24
10
26


404
393
—
1218
364

407
484
—
1218
364

108

12

16

36
21
22


36
21
22


N°

Carrying Amounts of Financial Instruments as at December 31,  2008,  according to Categories of IAS 39 and their Fair Values 
28

€ in millions 
Measurement according to IAS 39
Category
according to
IAS 39

Long-term borrowings
Bank borrowings incl.  commercial paper
Private placements
Convertible bond
Eurobond
Other non-current financial liabilities
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Derivatives not being part of a hedge
Other financial liabilities
Finance lease obligations
Liabilities classified as held for sale 
Carrying
amount
Dec.  31,  2008

Amortised
cost 
FLAC
FLAC
FLAC
FLAC

748
1028
—
—

748
1028
—
—

n, a. 
FLHfT
FLAC
n, a. 
FLAC


14
—

2

Fair value
recognised
in equity 
Fair value
recognised
in net income 
Measurement
according to
IAS 17

Fair value
Dec.  31,  2008

748
1047
—
—



14

—

2


14
—

2

Thereof: aggregated by category according to IAS 39
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
thereof: designated as such upon initial recognition (Fair Value Option FVO)
thereof: Held for Trading (FAHfT)
Loans and Receivables (LaR)
Available-for-Sale Financial Assets (AfS)
Financial Liabilities Measured at Amortised Cost (FLAC)
Financial Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss Held for Trading (FLHfT)

260
—
260
1767
12
4179
35

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  197

N°

Fair Value Hierarchy of Financial Instruments according to IFRS 7
as at December 31,  2009  € in millions
Fair value hierarchy,  aggregated by category 
Fair value
Dec.  31,  2009

Level 1

28
Level 2

Level 3

193
12

114
12

79 1)

28
233

28
154

21

21

85
106

85
106

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
thereof: designated as such upon initial recognition
(Fair Value Option FVO)
thereof: Held for Trading
(Financial Assets Held for Trading FAHfT)
Available-for-Sale Financial Assets (AfS)
Other financial assets
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Financial assets
Financial Liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Held for Trading (FLHfT)
Other financial liabilities
Derivatives being part of a hedge
Financial liabilities 
—

Fair value
Jan.  1,  2009

1)  his category relates to a 10% investment in

FC Bayern München AG of € 79 million.  Dividends
are distributed by FC Bayern München AG instead
of regular interest payments. 

77

gains 


losses 
79

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
N°

Net gains or (losses) of financial instruments recognised in the
consolidated income statement  € in millions
Fair value
Dec.  31,  2009

—

Level 1 is based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
Level 2 is based on inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,  either 
directly (i, e.  as prices) or indirectly (i, e.  derived from prices). 
Level 3 is based on inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). 

198 

Due to the short-term maturities of cash and cash equivalents,  short-term financial assetsaccounts receivable and payable as well as other current receivables and payables,  their respective fair values approximate their carrying amount. 
The fair values of non-current financial assets and liabilities are estimated by discounting
expected future cash flows using current interest rates for debt of similar terms and remaining
maturities,  and adjusted by an adidas Group specific credit risk premium. 
Fair values of long-term financial assets classified as available-for-sale are based on quoted
market prices in an active market or are calculated as present values of expected future cash
flows. 
The fair values of forward contracts and currency options are determined on the basis of
market conditions at the balance sheet date.  The fair value of a currency option is determined
using generally accepted models to calculate option prices,  such as the 'Garman-Kohlhagenmodel".  The fair market value of an option is influenced not only by the remaining term of the
option,  but also by other determining factors such as the actual foreign exchange rate and the
volatility of the underlying foreign currency base. 

79

28
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
  thereof: designated as such upon initial recognition
  thereof: classified as held for trading
Loans and receivables
Available-for-sale financial assets
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008


—

(44)
—


(6)
—
(6)
(27)
—
11

Net gains or losses on financial assets or financial liabilities held for trading include the effects
from fair value measurements of the derivatives that are not part of a hedging relationship,  and
changes in the fair value of other financial instruments as well as interest payments which mainly
relate to investment funds. 
Net gains or losses on loans and receivables comprise mainly impairment losses and
reversals. 
Net gains or losses on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost include effects from
early settlement and reversals of accrued liabilities. 
The disclosures required by IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures paragraphs 31 – 42
('Nature and Extent of Risks arising from Financial Instruments") can be found in Note 7 and the
Group Management Report  see Risk and Opportunity Report,  p.  140. 

The notional amounts of all outstanding currency hedging instruments,  which are mainly related
to cash flow hedges,  are summarised in the following table:

Financial instruments for the hedging of foreign exchange risk
The adidas Group uses natural hedges and arranges forward contracts,  currency options and
currency swaps to protect against foreign exchange risk.  As of December 31,  2009,  the Group had
outstanding currency options with premiums paid totalling an amount of € 6 million (December
31,  2008: € 5 million).  The effective part of the currency hedges is directly recognised in hedging
reserves and the acquisition costs of secured inventories,  respectively,  and posted into the income
statement at the same time as the underlying secured transaction is recorded.  An amount of
€ 4 million (2008: € 9 million) for currency options and an amount of negative € 41 million (2008:
€ 85 million) for forward contracts were recorded in hedging reserves.  Currency option premiums
impacted net income in the amount of € 4 million in 2009 (2008: € 6 million). 
The total time value of the currency options not being part of a hedge in an amount of
€ 3 million (2008: negative € 2 million) was recorded in the income statement in 2009. 
The total net amount of US dollar purchases related to product sourcing versus other
currencies was US $ 37 billion and US $ 36 billion in the years ending December 31,  2009 and
2008,  respectively. 

The comparatively high amount of forward contracts is primarily due to currency swaps for
liquidity management purposes and hedging transactions. 
Of the total amount of outstanding hedges,  the following contracts related to the US dollar
(i, e.  the biggest single exposure of product sourcing):

N°

Notional amounts of all outstanding currency hedging instruments 
28

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Dec.  31,  2008

3118
532
3650

Forward contracts
Currency options
Total 
2904
487
3391

N°

Notional amounts of outstanding US dollar hedging instruments 
28

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Dec.  31,  2008

2252
532
2784

Forward contracts
Currency options
Total 
1732
457
2189

The fair value of all outstanding currency hedging instruments is as follows:
N°

Fair value 
28

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Dec.  31,  2008

Positive
fair
value 
Forward contracts
Currency options
Total 
Negative
fair
value 
Positive
fair
value 
Negative
fair
value 
22
28
50

(74)
(18)
(92)

163
40
203

(43)
(24)
(67)

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  199

 total net fair value of negative € 57 million (2008: € 111 million) for forward contracts related
to hedging instruments falling under hedge accounting as per definition of IAS 39 was recorded
in hedging reserve.  The remaining net fair value of € 5 million (2008: € 9 million) mainly related
to liquidity swaps for cash management purposes and forward contracts hedging intercompany
dividend receivables was recorded in the income statement.  The total fair value of € 10 million
(2008: € 16 million) for outstanding currency options related to cash flow hedges. 
The fair value adjustments of outstanding cash flow hedges for forecasted sales will be
reported in the income statement when the forecasted sales transactions are recorded.  The
vast majority of these transactions are forecasted to occur in 2010.  As at December 31,  2009inventories were adjusted by € 4 million which will be recognised in the income statement in 2010. 
In hedging reserve,  an amount of negative € 3 million (2008: negative € 3 million) is
included for hedges of net investments in foreign entities.  This reserve will remain until the
investment in the foreign entity is divested. 
In order to determine the fair values of its derivatives that are not publicly traded,  the
adidas Group uses generally accepted quantitative financial models based on market conditions
prevailing at the balance sheet date. 
The fair values of the derivatives were determined applying the 'zero method".  The 'zero
method" is a theoretical model for the determination of forward rates based on deposit and swap
interest rates.  An alternative method is the 'par method" which uses actively traded forward
rates.  A comparison of the fair valuation based on the alternative methods revealed no substantive
differences. 

200 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
Financial instruments for the hedging of interest rate risk
Interest rate hedges which were outstanding as at December 31,  2009 and 2008,  respectively
expire as detailed below:
N°

Expiration dates of interest rate hedges 
28

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Within 1 year
Between 1 and 3 years
Between 3 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total 
Dec.  31,  2008

139
150
—
81
370

23
184
105
83
395

The above summary for 2009 includes interest rate and cross-currency interest rate swaps in
the amount of € 79 million (2008: € 105 million) which are classified as fair value hedges pursuant to IAS 39.  The aim of one cross-currency interest rate swap which was classified as a fair
value hedge at December 31,  2009 was to turn the financing into euro while retaining the financing method.  The aim of the US dollar interest rate swap which was classified as a fair value
hedge was to obtain variable financing for a private placement in US dollar.  The total positive
fair value of € 4 million (2008: € 7 million) was offset by a total negative fair value change in the
hedged private placements in the amount of € 4 million (2008: € 7 million). 
The above summary further includes interest rate swaps in the nominal amount of
€ 279 million (2008: € 279 million),  which are classified as cash flow hedges pursuant to IAS 39. 
The goal of these hedges is to protect future cash flows arising from private placements with
variable interest rates by generating synthetic fixed interest rate financing.  These interest rate
swaps classified as cash flow hedges had a positive fair value in the amount of € 0 million (2008:
€ 1 million) and a negative fair value of € 10 million (2008: negative € 6 million).  The negative
fair value change of € 2 million (2008: negative € 5 million) for interest rate swaps which were
classified as cash flow hedges was booked in hedging reserves.  A nominal amount of € 129 million for interest rate swaps classified as cash flow hedges relates to private placements which
mature in 2010.  The remaining interest rate swaps classified as cash flow hedges in a nominal
amount of € 45 million and € 105 million secure variable interest payments arising from private
placements with maturities in 2011 and 2012,  respectively. 

Notes to the Consolidated Income Statement 
29

Other operating income 
30

€ in millions 
Other operating income consists of the following:

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

N°

Other operating income 
29

€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Income from accounts receivable previously written off
Income from release of accruals and provisions
Gains from disposal of fixed assets
Income from the recognition of negative goodwill (  see Note 4)
Other revenues
Total 
N°

Other operating expenses 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008


31

—
64
100


28
10
21
42
103

Marketing working budget
Sales working budget
Marketing overhead 1)
Sales force 1)
Logistics 1)
Research and development 1)
Central expenses for finance and administration divisions 1)
Total
Thereof:
  Depreciation and amortisation 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

1028
241
348
1296
582
86
809
4390

1132
297
376
1179
565
81
748
4378

294

228

1) Including personnel and administration expenses. 

Other operating expenses 
30

Operating expenses include expenses for sales,  marketing,  research and development,  as well
as for logistics and central finance and administration.  In addition,  they include depreciation on
tangible assets and amortisation on intangible assets,  with the exception of depreciation and
amortisation which is included in the cost of sales. 
Marketing working budget is the largest component of other operating expenses.  The
marketing working budget consists of promotion and communication spending such as promotion
contracts,  advertising,  events and other communication activities.  However,  it does not include
marketing overhead expenses.  In 2009,  marketing working budget accounted for approximately
23% (2008: 26%) of the total other operating expenses. 
Total depreciation and amortisation expense for tangible and intangible assets (excluding
goodwill) was € 299 million and € 234 million for the years ending December 31,  2009 and 2008respectively.  Thereof,  € 5 million and € 6 million were recorded within the cost of sales as they
are directly attributable to the production costs of goods sold. 

31

Cost by nature
Expenses are presented by function in the income statement.  Supplementary information on
the expenses by nature is detailed below. 

Cost of materials
The total cost of materials relating to the amount of inventories recognised as an expense
during the period was € 5546 million and € 5486 million for the years ending December 312009 and 2008,  respectively. 
Personnel expenses
Personnel expenses were as follows:
N°

Personnel Expenses 
31

€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Wages and salaries
Social security contributions
Pension expenses
Personnel expenses 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

1185
114
53
1352

1123
110
50
1283

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  201

Personnel expenses which are directly attributable to the production costs of goods are included
within the cost of sales. 

32

Financial income/financial expenses
Financial result consists of the following:
N°

Financial income 
32

€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Interest income from financial instruments measured at amortised cost
Interest income from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Interest income from non-financial assets
Net foreign exchange gains
Fair value gains from available-for-sale investments
Other
Financial income 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

11

—
—
—

19

30

—
—
—

37

32

€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

 138
—
—
25

 169

 178
—
—
25
—
 203

Interest income from financial instruments,  measured at amortised cost,  mainly consists of interest income from bank deposits and loans. 
Interest income/expense from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
mainly includes interest payments from investment funds as well as net interest payments from
interest derivatives not being part of a hedging relationship.  Unrealised gains/losses from fair
value measurement of such financial assets are shown in other financial income or expenses. 
Interest expense on financial instruments measured at amortised cost mainly includes interest on borrowings and effects from using the 'effective interest method". 

202 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
33

Income taxes 
adidas AG and its German subsidiaries are subject to German corporate and trade taxes.  For the
years ending December 31,  2009 and 2008,  respectively,  the statutory corporate income tax rate of
15% plus a surcharge of 55% thereon is applied to earnings.  The municipal trade tax is approximately 116% of taxable income. 
For non-German companies,  deferred taxes are calculated based on tax rates that have been
enacted or substantively enacted by the closing date. 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if they relate to the same fiscal authority.  The following deferred tax assets and liabilities,  determined after appropriate offsetting,  are presented on
the balance sheet:

N°

Financial expenses 
Interest expense on financial instruments measured at amortised cost
Interest expense on financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Interest expense on provisions and non-financial liabilities
Net foreign exchange losses
Other
Financial expenses 
Interest expense on provisions and non-financial liabilities particularly includes effects from
measurement of provisions at present value and interest on non-financial liabilities such as tax
payables. 
Other financial expenses include impairment losses on other financial assets amounting to
€ 5 million for the year ending December 31,  2009. 
Also included in other financial expenses are minority interests,  which are not recorded in
equity according to IAS 32. 
Information regarding the Group's available-for-sale investments,  borrowings and financial
instruments is also included in these Notes  see Notes 6,  14,  17 and 28. 

N°

Deferred tax assets/liabilities 
33

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets,  net 
Dec.  31,  2008

412
(433)
(21)

344
(463)
(119)

The movements of deferred taxes are as follows:
N°

Movement of deferred taxes 
33

€ in millions
2009

2008

 see Note 3) 2)

(119)
43
—
(3)

(135)
71
(9)


Change in deferred taxes attributable to effective portion of qualifying hedging
instruments recorded in equity(  see Note 28)
Currency translation differences 
46


(41)
(5)


(21)

(3)
(119)

Deferred tax assets,  net as at January 1
Deferred tax income
Change in consolidated companies (  see Note 4) 1)
Change in deferred taxes on assets classified as held-for-sale (

Change in deferred taxes attributable to actuarial gains and losses recorded
in equity (  see Note 23)
Deferred tax assets,  net as at December 31

Deferred tax assets for which the realisation of the related tax benefits is not probable increased
on a currency-neutral basis,  and after taking into account the resolution of foreign tax disputes
from € 212 million to € 297 million for the year ending December 31,  2009.  These amounts
mainly relate to tax losses carried forward and unused foreign tax credits of the US tax group. 
The remaining unrecognised deferred tax assets relate to companies operating in markets
where the realisation of the related tax benefit is not considered probable. 
The Group does not recognise deferred tax liabilities for unremitted earnings of non-­ erman

subsidiaries to the extent that they are expected to be permanently invested in international
operations.  These earnings,  the amount of which cannot be practicably computed,  could become
subject to additional tax if they were remitted as dividends or if the Group were to sell its shareholdings in the subsidiaries. 

Tax expenses
Tax expenses are split as follows:
N°

Income tax expenses 
1) Relates to the acquisition of Ashworth,  Inc.  and Textronics,  Inc.  for the year ending December 31,  2008. 
2)  elates to the disposal group Gekko Brands,  LLC which was classified as Held-for-Sale for the year ending

December 31,  2008 and sold in March 2009. 

33

€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

331
(71)
260

N°

Deferred taxes 
33

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Non-current assets
Current assets
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Accumulated tax loss carry-forwards
Deferred tax assets
Non-current assets
Current assets
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets,  net 
156
(43)
113

Current tax expenses
Deferred tax (income)
Income tax expenses 
Gross Group deferred tax assets and liabilities before valuation allowances and appropriate
offsettings are attributable to the items detailed in the table below:

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

Dec.  31,  2008

129
87
132
78
426
420
25

447
(21)

88
100
140
91
419
444
45
49
538
(119)

Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that the realisation of the related benefit is
probable.  For the assessment of probability,  in addition to past performance and the respective
prospects for the foreseeable future,  appropriate tax structuring measures are also taken into
consideration. 

The effective tax rate of the Group differs from an assumed tax rate of 30% for the year ending
December 31,  2009 as follows:
N°

Tax rate reconciliation 
33
Year ending Dec.  31,  2009

Year ending Dec.  31,  2008

€ in millions 
Expected income tax expenses
Tax rate differentials
Non-deductible expenses
Losses for which benefits were not recognisable
and changes in valuation allowances
Changes in tax rates
Other,  net
Withholding tax expenses
Income tax expenses 
in %

€ in millions 
in %

108
(94)
(36)

300
(261)
(101)

271
(72)
45

300
(79)
49

119

1
102
11
113

332
11
03
283
31
315


1

248
12
260

02
01
01
274
14
288

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  203

For 2009,  the line  non-deductible expenses" includes tax benefits of in total € 57 million related
to the favourable resolution of foreign tax disputes for prior years. 
The line "losses for which benefits were not recognisable and changes in valuation allowances" mainly relates to changes in valuation allowances of the US tax group. 

34

Earnings per share 
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net income attributable to shareholders by
the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. 
Dilutive potential shares arose under the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) of adidas
AG,  which was implemented in 1999.  As the required performance criteria for the exercise of the
stock options of all tranches of the share option plan have been fulfilled,  dilutive potential shares
impact the diluted earnings per share calculation  see Note 38. 
It is also necessary to include dilutive potential shares arising from the convertible bond
issuance in October 2003 in the calculation of diluted earnings per share of the financial year
2009 (until conversion) and 2008 as the required conversion criteria were fulfilled at the balance
sheet date 2008  see Note 17.  As a result,  the convertible bond is assumed to have been converted
into ordinary shares and the net income is adjusted to eliminate the interest expense less the tax
effect. 
N°

Earnings per share 
34
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Net income attributable to shareholders (€ in millions)
Weighted average number of shares
Basic earnings per share (in €)
Net income attributable to shareholders (€ in millions)
Interest expense on convertible bond,  net of taxes (€ in millions)
Net income used to determine diluted earnings per share (€ in millions)
Weighted average number of shares
Weighted share options
Weighted assumed conversion convertible bond
Weighted average number of shares for diluted earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share (in €)

204 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

245
196220166
125
245
10
255
196220166
34369
12983564
209238099
122

642
197562346
325
642
13
655
197562346
86542
15684315
213333203
307

Notes Additional Information
Segmental information 
35

The Group operates predominately in one industry segment the design,  distribution and
marketing of athletic and sports lifestyle products.  Due to the Group's reorganisation in 2009,  the
Group's internal management reporting has changed.  In accordance with the definition of IFRS 8six operating segments have been identified: Wholesale,  Retail,  TaylorMade-adidas Golf,  RockportReebok-CCM Hockey and Other centrally managed brands.  According to the criteria of IFRS 8 for
reportable segments,  the first two are reported separately while the other four are aggregated
under 'Other Businesses" due to their only subordinate materiality.  The reportable segments
Wholesale and Retail correspond with the presentation in the internal reporting. 
The adidas and Reebok brands are reported under the segments Wholesale,  Retail and Other
centrally managed brands.  The operating segment TaylorMade-adidas Golf contains the brands
TaylorMade,  adidas Golf and Ashworth.  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey were formerly part of
the Reebok segment. 
Certain centralised Group functions do not meet the definition of IFRS 8 for a reportable
operating segment.  This includes functions such as central treasury,  worldwide sourcing as well
as other headquarter departments.  Assets,  liabilities,  income and expenses relating to these
corporate functions are presented together with other non-allocable items and intersegment
eliminations in the reconciliations. 
Information about the Group's segments,  in accordance with Management's internal
reporting structure,  is outlined on the following page. 
There are no intersegment sales between the reportable segments.  Transactions between
the segments are based on the dealing-at-arm's-length principle.  Accounting policies applied for
reporting segmental information are the same as those used for the adidas Group as described in
Note 2. 
The results of the operating segments are reported in the line item "Segmental operating
profit". 
The chief operating decision maker for the adidas Group has been defined as the joint
Executive Board of adidas AG. 
Segmental assets include accounts receivable and inventories.  Only these items are reported
to the chief operating decision maker on a regular basis.  Scheduled depreciation and amortisation
as well as capital expenditures for tangible and intangible assets are part of the segmental
reporting,  even though segmental assets do not contain tangible and intangible assets. 
Segmental liabilities contain accounts payable from operating activities.  No other liability
items are reported regularly to the chief operating decision maker. 
Interest income and interest expenses as well as income taxes are not allocated to the
reportable segments.  In 2009 and 2008,  no companies are accounted for by the equity method. 

N°

Reportable Segments 
35

€ in millions
Wholesale 
Retail 
Other Businesses 
Total Segments 
2009

2009

2008

2009

2008

2009

2008

7174
2346
1943
470
24
24


Net sales (non-Group)
Segmental operating profit
Segmental assets
Segmental liabilities
Capital expenditure
Scheduled depreciation and amortisation
Impairment 
2008

7758
2692
2401
492
26
26


1906
267
429
37
71
88
14

1738
326
427
30
137
66


1283
281
415
74
14

0

1285
337
578
64
18

0

10363
2894
2787
581
109
118
14

10781
3355
3406
586
181
97


Reconciliations
N°

Net Sales 
10363

16
10381

10781
18

10799

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

181
199
380

N°

Scheduled depreciation 
N°

35

€ in millions 
35

€ in millions 
Capital expenditure of reportable segments
HQ/Consolidation
Capital expenditure 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

109
131
240

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

Segmental operating profit 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Segmental operating profit for reportable segments
Segmental operating profit for HQ/Consolidation 
35

€ in millions 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Total net sales (non-Group) for reportable segments
HQ
Consolidation
Net sales 
N°

Capital expenditure 
35

€ in millions 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

2894
41

3355
177

Marketing working budget 
1028

1485
86
508
19
169
358

1419
89
1070
37
203
904

Scheduled depreciation/amortisation of reportable segments
HQ/Consolidation
Scheduled depreciation on tangible assets and amortisation on intangible assets 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

118
141
259

97
125
222

1132

Other operating expenses
Royalty income
Operating profit
Financial income
Financial expenses
Income before taxes 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

N°

Impairment 
35

€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Impairment of reportable segments
HQ/Consolidation
Impairment of tangible assets and intangible assets 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

14
21
35


1


Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  205

N°

Total segmental assets 
35

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Total segmental assets
Non-segmental accounts receivable and inventories
Current financial assets
Other current assets
Non-current assets
Total assets 
Dec.  31,  2008

2787
113
1010
575
4390
8875

3406
213
672
643
4599
9533

Geographical information
Net sales to third parties are shown in the geographic market in which the revenues are
realised.  Non-current assets are allocated to the geographic market based on the domicile of
the respective subsidiary and consist of tangible assets,  goodwill,  trademarks,  other intangible
assets and other non-current assets. 
N°

Geographical Information 
35

€ in millions
Net sales (non-Group)

Non-current assets 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

N°

Total segmental liabilities 
35

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Total segmental liabilities
Non-segmental accounts payable
Current financial liabilities
Other current liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Total liabilities 
Dec.  31,  2008

581
585
299
1371
2263
5099

586
632
876
1551
2488
6133

N°

35

€ in millions
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Footwear
Apparel
Hardware
Total 
206 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
Dec.  31,  2009

Dec.  31,  2008

3262
1122
2360
967
1647
1006
17
10381

3527
1179
2520
1077
1585
893
18
10799

1505
437
666
474
521
225

3828

1563
469
813
485
546
222

4098

With regard to Germany,  Western Europe contains net sales amounting to € 587 million and
€ 601 million as well as non-current assets amounting to € 281 million and € 295 million for
the years 2009 and 2008,  respectively.  With regard to the USA,  North America contains net sales
amounting to € 2068 million and € 2209 million as well as non-current assets amounting to
€ 547 million and € 692 million for the years 2009 and 2008,  respectively. 

Product Information
Net sales (non-group)

Western Europe
European Emerging Markets
North America
Greater China
Other Asian Markets
Latin America
HQ/Consolidation
Total 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

4642
4663
1076
10381

4919
4775
1105
10799

36

Additional cash flow information 
In 2009,  the line item 'Acquisition of subsidiaries and other business units net of cash acquired"
in the consolidated statement of cash flows includes the acquisition of Life Sport Ltd.  and Bones
in Motion,  Inc.   see Note 4. 
In 2008,  this line item includes the acquisition of Saxon Athletic Manufacturing,  Inc.,  Reebok
Productos Esportivos Brasil Ltda.  (formerly Comercial Vulcabras Ltda. ),  Textronics,  Inc.  and
Ashworth,  Inc.   see Note 4. 
Current revolving financial transactions are offset within financing activities. 

37

Commitments and contingencies 
38

Equity compensation benefits 
Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) of adidas AG
Under the Management Share Option Plan (MSOP) adopted by the shareholders of adidas AG on
May 20,  1999,  and amended by resolution of the Annual General Meeting on May 8,  2002,  and on
May 13,  2004,  the Executive Board was authorised to issue non-transferable stock options for up
to 1373350 no-par-value bearer shares to members of the Executive Board of adidas AG as well
as to managing directors/senior vice presidents of its related companies and to other executives
of adidas AG and its related companies until August 27,  2004.  The granting of stock options took
place in tranches not exceeding 25% of the total volume for each fiscal year. 
 two-year vesting period and a term of approximately seven years upon their respective
issue applies for the stock options. 

Other financial commitments
The Group has other financial commitments for promotion and advertising contracts,  which
mature as follows:
N°

Financial commitments for promotion and advertising 
37

€ in millions
Dec.  31,  2009

Within 1 year
Between 1 and 5 years
After 5 years
Total 
Dec.  31,  2008

554
1403
594
2551

386
1082
611
2079

Commitments with respect to advertising and promotion maturing after five years have remaining
terms of up to 13 years from December 31,  2009. 
Information regarding commitments under lease and service contracts is also included in
these Notes  see Note 27. 

Litigation
The Group is currently engaged in various lawsuits resulting from the normal course of businessmainly in connection with license and distribution agreements as well as competition issues.  The
risks regarding these lawsuits are covered by provisions when a reliable estimate of the amount
of the obligation can be made  see Note 19.  In the opinion of Management,  the ultimate liabilities
resulting from such claims will not materially affect the consolidated financial position of the
Group. 

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  207

N°

Management Share option Plan (MSOP)

38
Tranche I (1999)
Share price
in €

Originally issued
Outstanding as at Jan.  1,  2008
Forfeited during the period
Exercised during the period
  May 2008 1)
  Aug.  2008 1)
  Nov.  2008 1)
Expired during the period
Outstanding as at Dec.  31,  2008
Exercisable as at Dec.  31,  2008
Outstanding as at Jan.  1,  2009
Forfeited during the period
Exercised during the period
  May 2009 1)
  Aug.  2009 1)
  Nov.  2009 1)
Expired during the period
Outstanding as at Dec.  31,  2009
Exercisable as at Dec.  31,  2009

Tranche II (2000)

Tranche III (2001)

Tranche IV (2002)

Tranche V (2003)

Number 
Exercise
price in €

Number 
Exercise
price in €

Number 
Exercise
price in €

Number 
Exercise
price in €

Number 
Exercise
price in €

266550

0

—
—

335100

0

—
—

342850
8650
600

400
400

340850
19000
850

400
520

88000
5900


400
—

17392
15444
000


0

0

0

0

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


0

0

0

0

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

4950

0
3100

0

0

400
—
—
400
—
—
—
—

5150
1800

0
11200
11200
11200
300

400
640
—
—
640
640
640
000

1000
300

0
4600
4600
4600
500

400
400
—
—
400
400
400
8260

000
13648
000


0

0

0

—
—
—
—
—
—


0

0

0

—
—
—
—
—
—


0

0

0

—
—
—
—
—
—


0

10900

0

—
—
—
000
—
—


4100

0

0

—
8260
—
—
—
—

1) Due to the share split effective May 2006,  one option grants the right to purchase four shares.  Accordingly,  the share price information refers to four shares each. 

There are no remaining stock options outstanding at the end of the period. 
No stock options were issued during the year under review. 
Stock options may only be exercised subject to the attainment of at least one of the following
performance objectives:
(1) Absolute Performance: During the period between the issuance and exercise of the stock
options,  the stock market price for the adidas AG share calculated upon the basis of the 'total
shareholder return approach" has increased by an annual average rate of at least 8%. 
(2) Relative Performance: During the same period,  the stock market price for the adidas AG share
must have developed by an annual average of 1% more favourably than the stock market prices of
 basket of global competitors of the adidas Group and in absolute terms may not have fallen. 

208 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
The stock options may only be exercised against payment of the exercise price.  The exercise price
corresponds to the arithmetical mean of the closing price of the adidas AG share over the last
20 trading days of the respective exercise period,  less a discount,  based on the extent to which the
share price at exercise exceeded the absolute and relative performance hurdles outlined above.  In
any case,  the exercise price shall be at least the lowest issue price as stated in § 9 section 1 of the
German Stock Corporation Act (AktG),  currently € 100 (i, e.  € 400 per option). 
Option terms and conditions stipulate that the stock options may be used for existing

­ ommon shares in lieu of new shares from the contingent capital,  or in the place of common
shares the discount is paid in cash. 
The new shares participate in profits from the beginning of the year in which they are issued. 

39

Other information
Employees
The average numbers of employees are as follows:
N°

Employees 
39
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2009

Own retail
Sales
Logistics
Marketing
Central functions and administration
Production
Research and development
Information technology
Total 
Year ending
Dec.  31,  2008

19460
3905
5484
3375
3075
1892
1005
875
39071

16071
4133
5395
3308
3160
2118
1058
886
36129

Accountant service fees for the auditor of the financial statements
Following the formation of KPMG Europe LLP effective October 1,  2007,  KPMG LLP (UK) is an
affiliated company of KPMG Germany as defined under § 271 section 2 HGB.  The disclosure
requirement for audit and accounting services fees provided by KPMG LLP (UK) relates to services
rendered after September 30,  2007. 
Effective October 1,  2008,  KPMG Switzerland and KPMG Spain are part of KPMG Europe LLP
and are thus affiliated companies of KPMG Germany as defined under § 271 section 2 HGB.  The
disclosure requirement for audit and accounting services fees provided by KPMG Switzerland and
KPMG Spain relates to services rendered after September 30,  2008. 
Effective April 1,  2009,  KPMG Belgium is part of KPMG Europe LLP and is thus an affiliated
company of KPMG Germany as defined under § 271 section 2 HGB.  The disclosure requirement for
audit and accounting services fees provided by KPMG Belgium relates to services rendered after
March 31,  2009. 
Effective October 1,  2009,  KPMG Netherlands and KPMG Turkey are part of KPMG Europe
LLP and are thus affiliated companies of KPMG Germany as defined under § 271 section 2 HGB. 
The disclosure requirement for audit and accounting services fees provided by KPMG Netherlands
and KPMG Turkey relates to services rendered after September 30,  2009. 
In 2009,  adidas AG recorded € 18 million (2008: € 12 million) as expense for the professional service fee for the auditor of the annual and consolidated financial statements. 
Expenses for tax consultancy services provided by the auditor,  for other confirmation services provided by the auditor and for other services provided by the auditor amounted to € 03 million (2008: € 02 million),  € 01 million (2008: € 00 million) and € 00 million (2008: € 01 million)respectively. 

Remuneration of the Supervisory Board and the Executive Board of adidas AG
Supervisory Board
Pursuant to the Articles of Association,  the Supervisory Board members' fixed annual payment
amounted to € 09 million (2008: € 09 million).  No members of the Supervisory Board were
granted loans in 2009. 
Executive Board
In 2009,  the overall compensation of the members of the Executive Board totalled € 105 million (2008: € 84 million); € 68 million thereof relates to short-term benefits (2008: € 72 million)
and € 37 million to long-term benefits (2008: € 12 million).  Post-employment benefits (costs for
accrued pension entitlements for members of the Executive Board) totalled € 04 million (2008:
€ 04 million). 
In 2009,  former members of the Executive Board and their survivors received pension
payments totalling € 22 million (2008: € 17 million). 
Pension provisions for pension obligations relating to former members of the Executive
Board and their survivors amount in total to € 395 million (2008: € 364 million). 
No members of the Executive Board were granted loans in 2009. 
Members of the Executive Board have not been granted any stock options since 2004.  In 2009
and 2008,  current and former members of the Executive Board did not exercise any stock options. 
Details of the Management Share Option Plan are also included in these Notes  see Note 38. 
Further information on disclosures according to § 314 section 1 no.  6a HGB (German
commercial law) is provided in the Compensation Report  see Compensation Report,  p 38. 

Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 

  209

Information relating to the German Corporate Governance Code 
40

Information pursuant to § 161 German Stock Corporation Act (AktG)
On February 11,  2010,  the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of adidas AG issued the updated
declaration of conformity in accordance with § 161 of the Stock Corporation Act (AktG).  The full
text of the Declaration of Compliance is available on the Group's corporate website. 

Events after the balance sheet date 
41

Group-specific subsequent events
Memorandum of Understanding signed with Pou Sheng International (Holdings) Limited
In January 2010,  adidas (China) Ltd.  signed a Memorandum of Understanding for the business
activities of the Reebok brand in China with the Chinese sporting goods retailer Pou Sheng
International (Holdings) Limited.  Both parties intend to enter into an agreement under which
Pou Sheng will co-design,  manufacture and become key distributor of Reebok branded footwear
and apparel in China.  A final agreement is expected to be reached in the second quarter of 2010. 
Lawsuit settled
In January,  adidas Group settled a lawsuit.  The settlement will have a positive low-double-digit
million euro impact on the Group's financial results in 2010. 
Trademark divested
In January,  adidas Group sold a trademark.  The divestiture will have a positive low-double-digit
million euro impact on the Group's financial results in 2010. 
Date of authorisation for issue
The Executive Board of adidas AG approved the consolidated financial statements for submission
to the Supervisory Board on February 19,  2010.  It is the Supervisory Board's task to examine the
consolidated financial statements and give their approval and authorisation for issue. 
Herzogenaurach,  February 19,  2010
The Executive Board of adidas AG

210 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Notes 
N°

STATEMENT OF MOVEMENTS OF INTANGIBLE AND TANGIBLE ASSETSAttachment 


€ in millions 
Goodwill 
Acquisition cost
January 1,  2008
Currency effect
Additions
Increase in companies consolidated
Transfers from assets held for sale
Transfers to assets held for sale
Decrease in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  2008/January 1,  2009
Currency effect
Additions
Increase in companies consolidated
Transfers from assets held for sale
Transfers to assets held for sale
Decrease in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  2009
Accumulated depreciation/amortisation
January 1,  2008
Currency effect
Additions
Impairment
Write-ups
Increase in companies consolidated
Transfers from assets held for sale
Transfers to assets held for sale
Decrease in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  2008/January 1,  2009
Currency effect
Additions
Impairment
Write-ups
Increase in companies consolidated
Transfers from assets held for sale
Transfers to assets held for sale
Decrease in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  2009
Net carrying amount
December 31,  2007
December 31,  2008
December 31,  2009

Trademarks 
Softwarepatents and
concessions 
Internally
generated
software 
Total
intangible
assets 
Land and buildings/leasehold
improvements 
Technical
equipment and
machinery 
Other equipment,  furniture
and fittings 
Construction in
progress 
Total
tangible
assets 
1436
45

18
—
—
—
—
—
1499
(26)

4
—
—

—
—
1478

1291
75

27
—
(3)
—
—

1390
(48)

—
—
—
—
—
—
1342

441
12
59
20
—
(0)
—
(10)
(6)
516
(7)
48

—
—
—

(24)
535

—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—

—

—
—
—
—

(0)


3169
131
60
65
—
(4)
—
(10)
(6)
3406
(81)
50

—
—

3
(25)
3358

430

21
12
44
(6)
—
10
(27)
489
(7)
17
—

(126)
—
28
(25)
380

115
(4)
17

—
—
—
14
(6)
140
(1)

0

—
—
28
(19)
156

629

183

5
(1)
—
58
(36)
847
(3)
101

1
—
—

(82)
876

42

94
—
—
—
—
(72)
(2)
66
(1)
72
—
—
—
—
(65)
(2)
69

1216

316
23
49
(7)
—
10
(71)
1542
(13)
195

7
(126)
—
(3)
(128)
1480

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


247
10
61
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(4)
313
(6)
65
19

—
—
—
—

(16)
377

—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(0)


247
10
61
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(4)
313
(6)
66
19

—
—
—
—

(16)
377

92

25

—
—

—
—
(1)
(8)
116
(2)
32

—
—

(20)
—
(1)
(9)
123

44
—
15
(0)
—
—
—
—
—
(3)
(6)
50
(1)
20

—
—

—
—
(0)
(16)
55

378

124

—
—

—
—

(29)
490
(6)
147
10
(0)

1
—
—

(65)
579

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

514

165

—
—

—
—
—
(42)
656
(9)
198
16
(0)

5
(20)
—
(0)
(89)
757

1436
1499
1478

1291
1390
1342

194
202
158

—

2

2922
3093
2980

338
373
257

71
90
101

251
357
297

42
66
69

702
886
723

Rounding differences may arise in percentages and totals. 

Consolidated Financial Statements    Statement of Movements of Intangible and Tangible Assets 

  211

Shareholdings of adidas AG,  HerzogenaurachAttachment
at December 31,  2009

Europe (incl.  Middle East and Africa)
13 adidas sport GmbH
14 Sarragan AG
15 adidas Austria GmbH
16 Reebok Austria GmbH
17
18
19
20
21
22

ASL American Sports and Leisure Vertriebs GmbH
adidas Holding S. A. 
adidas France S, a, r, l. 
Reebok France S. A. 
Reebok France Retail SARL
adidas International B. V. 

23
24
25
26
27
28
29

adidas International Trading B. V. 
adidas International Marketing B. V. 
adidas International Finance B. V. 
adidas Benelux B. V. 
Reebok International Finance B. V. 
Reebok Europe B. V. 
Rockport (Europe) B. V. 

Equity (currency
units in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
Kirchheim-Heimstetten (Germany)

EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR

(510)
35
26
354103
31
2119
—
—
—
—
—
3731

directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
105

90
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100

Cham (Switzerland)
Cham (Switzerland)
Klagenfurt (Austria)

CHF
CHF
EUR

10738
(2207)
9745

Bergheim (Austria)

EUR

912

Bergheim (Austria)
Landersheim (France)
Landersheim (France)
Voisins Le Bretonneux (France)
Voisins Le Bretonneux (France)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)

EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR

7353
10859
135389
8002
(2366)
5768350

Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)

EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
USD
EUR
USD

567863
342878
8465
8691
562
15843
2901

directly
directly
directly
13
44
39
16
36
18
19
20
directly
19
22
22
22
directly
119
44
109

100
100
9589
411
99

100
100
100
100
100
9397
603
100
100
100
100
100
100
100

1) Sub-group adidas UK   2) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.    3) Sub-group India   4) Sub-group Mexico,  adidas   5) Sub-group Taylor Made UK   6) Company with no active business  
7) The number refers to the number of the company   8) Sub-group Onfield   9) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Inc.    10) Sub-group Sports Holdings Corporation   11) Sub-group Reebok International Limited  
12) Profit and loss transfer agreement   13) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc.    14) Sub-group adidas Canada   15) Sub-group adidas Brazil 
212 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Shareholdings 
II

Currency 
Company and domicile 
Germany
 GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG
 GEV Grundstücks-Beteiligungsgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH
 adidas Insurance & Risk Consultants GmbH 12) (formerly adidas Versicherungs-Vermittlungs GmbH)
 adidas Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH 12)
 Immobilieninvest und Betriebsgesellschaft Herzo-Base Verwaltungs GmbH
 Immobilieninvest und Betriebsgesellschaft Herzo-Base GmbH & Co.  KG
 World of Commerce Management GmbH 6)
 World of Commerce GmbH & Co.  KG 6)
 Hotel Herzo-Base GmbH & Co.  KG 6)
10 Herzo-Base Management GmbH 6)
11 Factory Outlet Herzo-Base GmbH & Co.  KG 6)
12 Reebok-CCM Hockey GmbH

N°

Shareholdings of adidas AG,  HerzogenaurachAttachment
at December 31,  2009

N°

II

Currency 
Equity (currency
units in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)
Stockport (Great Britain)

GBP
GBP
GBP
GBP
GBP
GBP

36716
—
—
—
—
—

36 Reebok International Limited 11)

London (Great Britain)

GBP

1162451

37 Reebok Finance Limited 6) 11)
38 RBK Holdings Limited 11)

London (Great Britain)
London (Great Britain)

GBP
GBP

—
—

London (Great Britain)
London (Great Britain)
London (Great Britain)
London (Great Britain)
London (Great Britain)
London (Great Britain)
Basingstoke (Great Britain)
Basingstoke (Great Britain)
Dublin (Ireland)
Dublin (Ireland)
Dublin (Ireland)
Brussels (Belgium)
Brussels (Belgium)
Zaragoza (Spain)
Alicante (Spain)

USD
GBP
GBP
USD
GBP
GBP
GBP
GBP
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR

1937
—
—
3112
—
72170
(9834)
—
(2098)
8586
56
3105
251
31848
47344

Monza (Italy)
Monza (Italy)
Lisbon (Portugal)
Maia (Portugal)

EUR
EUR
EUR
EUR

45013
10458
27759
(312)

Lillestrom (Norway)
Gressvik (Norway)

NOK
NOK

34485
14129

36
30
30
30
33
30
31
22
119
119
119
108
36
36
36
36
36
36
22
45
22
22
47
26
44

119
22
22
54
22
22
directly
directly
61

100
100
100
100
100
50
50
651
349
100
89
11
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
75
25
100
100
100
98

100
100

Company and domicile 
30
31
32
33
34
35

adidas (UK) Limited 1)
adidas (ILKLEY) Limited 1) 6)
LARA SPORT (UK) Limited 1) 6)
Sarragan (UK) Limited 1) 6)
adidas Trefoil Trading (U.K. ) Limited 1) 6)
Three Stripes Limited 1) 6)

39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53

Reebok Sports Limited
J. W.  Foster & Sons (Athletic Shoes) Limited 6) 11)
The Rockport Company Limited 6) 11)
Reebok Eastern Trading Limited 6)
Reebok Pensions Management Limited 11)
Reebok Europe Holdings
Taylor Made Golf Limited
Ashworth U.K.  Ltd.  5)
adidas (Ireland) Limited
adidas International Re Limited
Reebok Ireland Limited
adidas Belgium N. V. 
Reebok Belgium S. A. 
adidas Espana S. A. 
Reebok Spain S. A. 

54
55
56
57

adidas Italy S, p. A
Reebok Italia Srl
adidas Portugal  Artigos de Desporto,  S. A. 
adidas Business Services Lda. 

58 adidas Norge AS
59 Reebok Jofa AS

1) Sub-group adidas UK   2) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.    3) Sub-group India   4) Sub-group Mexico,  adidas   5) Sub-group Taylor Made UK   6) Company with no active business  
7) The number refers to the number of the company   8) Sub-group Onfield   9) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Inc.    10) Sub-group Sports Holdings Corporation   11) Sub-group Reebok International Limited  
12) Profit and loss transfer agreement   13) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc.    14) Sub-group adidas Canada   15) Sub-group adidas Brazil 
Consolidated Financial Statements    Shareholdings 

  213

Shareholdings of adidas AG,  HerzogenaurachAttachment
at December 31,  2009

adidas Sverige AB
Nordic Hockey Company AB 10)
Reebok Jofa AB
adidas Suomi Oy
Reebok Finland Oy
adidas Danmark A/S
adidas CR s, r, o. 
adidas Budapest Kft. 
adidas Bulgaria EAD
LLC adidas,  Ltd. 
adidas Poland Sp, z, o, o. 
Reebok Poland S. A. 
adidas Romania S. R. L. 
adidas Baltics SIA
adidas Slovakia s, r, o. 
adidas Trgovina d, o, o. 
SC adidas-Ukraine
adidas LLP
adidas Serbia d, o, o. 
adidas Croatia d, o, o. 
adidas Hellas A. E. 
adidas (Cyprus) Limited
adidas Spor Malzemeleri Satis ve Pazarlama A. S. 
a-RET Tekstil ve Deri Ürünleri Tic.  A. S. 
adidas Emerging Market L. L. C. 

85
86
87
88
89

adidas Emerging Markets FZE
adidas Levant Limited
adidas Levant Limited Jordan
adidas Imports & Exports Ltd. 
adidas Sporting Goods Ltd. 

90
91
92
93

adidas Egypt Ltd.  6)
adidas Israel Ltd. 
Life Sport Ltd. 
adidas (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd. 

Equity (currency
units in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

Stockholm (Sweden)
Malung (Sweden)
Malung (Sweden)
Helsinki (Finland)
Forssa (Finland)
Århus (Denmark)
Prague (Czech Republic)
Budapest (Hungary)
Sofia (Bulgaria)
Moscow (Russia)
Warsaw (Poland)
Warsaw (Poland)
Bucharest (Romania)
Riga (Latvia)
Bratislava (Slovak Republic)
Ljubljana (Slovenia)
Kiev (Ukraine)
Almaty (Republic of Kazakhstan)
New Belgrade (Serbia)
Zagreb (Croatia)
Thessaloniki (Greece)
Nicosia (Cyprus)
Istanbul (Turkey)
Istanbul (Turkey)
Dubai (United Arab Emirates)

SEK
SEK
SEK
EUR
EUR
DKK
CZK
HUF
BGN
USD
PLN
PLN
RON
EUR
SKK
EUR
USD
USD
RSD
HRK
EUR
EUR
TRY
TRY
USD

62604
187970
98962
2085
24649
12643
196595
1259597
13439
450681
64007
84387
27465
746
4055
612
81835
7010
477105
19709
1115
3216
200534
5430
42703

Dubai (United Arab Emirates)
Dubai (United Arab Emirates)
Amman (Jordan)
Cairo (Egypt)
Cairo (Egypt)

USD
JOD
JOD
EGP
EGP

272
2240
482
869
23939

Cairo (Egypt)
Tel Aviv (Israel)
Tel Aviv (Israel)
Cape Town (South Africa)

USD
ILS
ILS
ZAR

(1831)
8508
30910
142990

directly
105
61
22
61
22
directly
directly
directly
15
directly
119
22
22
directly
directly
directly
directly
22
22
directly
directly
22
23
indirectly
19
22
85
86
89
22
23
directly
directly
22
directly 
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
85
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
51
49
100
55
100
100
90
10
100
100
51
100

1) Sub-group adidas UK   2) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.    3) Sub-group India   4) Sub-group Mexico,  adidas   5) Sub-group Taylor Made UK   6) Company with no active business  
7) The number refers to the number of the company   8) Sub-group Onfield   9) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Inc.    10) Sub-group Sports Holdings Corporation   11) Sub-group Reebok International Limited  
12) Profit and loss transfer agreement   13) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc.    14) Sub-group adidas Canada   15) Sub-group adidas Brazil 
214 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Shareholdings 
II

Currency 
Company and domicile 
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84

N°

Shareholdings of adidas AG,  HerzogenaurachAttachment
at December 31,  2009

118
119
120
121

Reebok Onfield,  LLC 8)
Reebok International Ltd.  2)
Reebok CHC,  Inc.  2) 6)
Sports Licensed Division of the adidas Group,  LLC

122 RBK Thailand,  Inc.  2)
123 Reebok-CCM Hockey U.S.,  Inc. 
124 adidas Canada Ltd.  14)
125 adidas Style Retail Limited 14)

II

Currency 
Equity (currency
units in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
Carlsbad,  California (USA)
Carlsbad,  California (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Wilmington,  Delaware (USA)
Dover,  Delaware (USA)
Dover,  Delaware (USA)

USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD
USD

4527457
(94218)
(280)
146279
17101
43197
(155)
39076
—
11549
150836
(18339)
13183
19
—
233347
11829
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

Dover,  Delaware (USA)
Canton,  Massachusetts (USA)
Stoughton,  Massachusetts (USA)
Boston,  Massachusetts (USA)

USD
USD
USD
USD

—
(737707)
—
111941

Boston,  Massachusetts (USA)
Montpelier,  Vermont (USA)

USD
USD

369
8733

Concord,  Ontario (Canada)
Concord,  Ontario (Canada)

CAD
CAD

60261
—

22
94
94
94
94
94
94
94
101
119
119
104
119
119
119
119
99
102
102
102
102
102
104
119
118
119
94
119
119
108
119
104
105
directly
124

100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
99

100
100
100
99

100
64
36
100
100

Company and domicile 
North America
94 adidas North America,  Inc. 
95 adidas America,  Inc. 
96 adidas Promotional Retail Operations,  Inc. 
97 adidas Sales,  Inc. 
98 adidas Village Corporation
99 adidas International,  Inc. 
100 adidas Team,  Inc. 
101 Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc.  13)
102 Ashworth,  LLC.  13)
103 The Reebok Worldwide Trading Company,  LLC
104 Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Inc.  9)
105 Sports Holdings Corp.  10)
106 Reebok Aviation,  LLC 6)
107 RFC,  Inc. 
108 Reebok Securities Holdings LLC 2)
109 The Rockport Company,  LLC
110 Textronics,  Inc. 
111 Ashworth Acquisition Corp.  13)
112 Ashworth Store I,  Inc.  13)
113 Ashworth Store II,  Inc.  13)
114 Ashworth EDC,  LLC 13)
115 Sunice Holdings,  Inc.  13)
116 SLM Trademark Acquisition Corp.  6) 9)
117 Onfield Apparel Group,  LLC 8)

N°

1) Sub-group adidas UK   2) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.    3) Sub-group India   4) Sub-group Mexico,  adidas   5) Sub-group Taylor Made UK   6) Company with no active business  
7) The number refers to the number of the company   8) Sub-group Onfield   9) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Inc.    10) Sub-group Sports Holdings Corporation   11) Sub-group Reebok International Limited  
12) Profit and loss transfer agreement   13) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc.    14) Sub-group adidas Canada   15) Sub-group adidas Brazil 
Consolidated Financial Statements    Shareholdings 

  215

Shareholdings of adidas AG,  HerzogenaurachAttachment
at December 31,  2009

R. C.  Investments Ltd. 
Reebok Canada Inc. 
CCM Holdings (1983) Inc. 
Sport Maska Inc. 
SLM Trademark Acquisition Canada Corporation 6) 9)

Asia
131 adidas Sourcing Ltd. 
132 adidas Services Limited
133 adidas Hong Kong Ltd. 
134 Smedley Industries (Hong Kong) Limited 6) 9)
135 Reebok Trading (Far East) Ltd. 
136 Reebok (China) Services Limited
137 RIL Indonesia Services Limited
138 adidas (Suzhou) Co.  Ltd. 
139 adidas Sports (China) Co.  Ltd. 
140 adidas (China) Ltd. 
141 Zhuhai adidas Technical Services Ltd. 
142 adidas Japan K. K. 
143 Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Ltd. 
144 adidas Korea Ltd. 
145 Taylor Made Korea Ltd. 
146 adidas Korea Technical Services Ltd. 
147 adidas India Private Ltd.  3)
148 adidas India Marketing Pvt.  Ltd.  3)
149 adidas Technical Services Pvt.  Ltd. 
150 Reebok India Company Unlimited
151 P. T.  adidas Indonesia Ltd. 
152 adidas (Malaysia) Sdn.  Bhd. 

Equity (currency
units in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

Montreal (Canada)
Montreal (Canada)
Montreal (Canada)
New Brunswick (Canada)
New Brunswick (Canada)

CAD
CAD
CAD
CAD
CAD

2209
16993
6317
52504
—

119
119
130
104
116

100
100
100
100
100

Hong Kong (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Hong Kong (China)
Suzhou (China)
Suzhou (China)
Shanghai (China)
Zhuhai (China)
Tokyo (Japan)
Tokyo (Japan)
Seoul (Korea)
Seoul (Korea)
Pusan (Korea)
New Delhi (India)

USD
USD
HKD
HKD
USD
USD
USD
CNY
CNY
CNY
USD
JPY
JPY
KRW
KRW
KRW
INR

183458
4487
135161
—
32072
7550
1968
92742
2848955
32547
1080
2721374
4433500
78416485
17412773
(5803705)
(380918)

New Delhi (India)

INR

—

New Delhi (India)
New Delhi (India)
Jakarta (Indonesia)

USD
INR
IDR

955
1207
9810204

Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia)

MYR

26688

23
22
directly
104
119
135
135

4
22
131
36
36
directly
directly
131
directly
22
147
22
131
161
22
directly
directly
22

100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
99

914
86
100
9315
99

60
40

1) Sub-group adidas UK   2) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.    3) Sub-group India   4) Sub-group Mexico,  adidas   5) Sub-group Taylor Made UK   6) Company with no active business  
7) The number refers to the number of the company   8) Sub-group Onfield   9) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Inc.    10) Sub-group Sports Holdings Corporation   11) Sub-group Reebok International Limited  
12) Profit and loss transfer agreement   13) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc.    14) Sub-group adidas Canada   15) Sub-group adidas Brazil 
216 

  Consolidated Financial Statements    Shareholdings 
II

Currency 
Company and domicile 
126
127
128
129
130

N°

Shareholdings of adidas AG,  HerzogenaurachAttachment
at December 31,  2009

N°

II

Currency 
Equity (currency
units in thousands)

Share in capital
held by 7)

in %

Manila (Philippines)
Singapore (Singapore)
Taipei (Taiwan)
Bangkok (Thailand)

PHP
SGD
TWD
THB

163219
15196
371121
(23488)

Bangkok (Thailand)

THB

545220

Mulgrave (Australia)
Auckland (New Zealand)
Ho Chi Minh City (Vietnam)
Port Louis (Mauritius)

AUD
NZD
VND
USD

21311
2983
(16812825)
2194

directly
directly
22
indirectly
directly
156
directly
22
directly
22
119
103

100
100
100
51
49
5001
4999
100
100
100
99


Latin America
162 adidas Argentina S. A. 

Buenos Aires (Argentina)

ARS

133679

163 Reebok Argentina S. A. 

Buenos Aires (Argentina)

ARS

(540)

164
165
166
167
168

adidas do Brasil Ltda.  15)
ASPA do Brasil Ltda. 
adidas Trading Paraná Ltda.  15)
Reebok Productos Esportivos Brasil Ltda. 
adidas Chile Ltda. 

Sao Paulo (Brazil)
Sao Paulo (Brazil)
Pinhais (Brazil)
Jundiai (Brazil)
Santiago de Chile (Chile)

BRL
BRL
BRL
BRL
CLP

318370
(48409)
—
25985
33091785

169
170
171
172
173
174
175
176
177

adidas Colombia Ltda. 
adidas de Mexico S. A.  de C. V.  4)
adidas Industrial S. A.  de C. V.  4)
Reebok de Mexico,  S. A.  de C. V. 
adidas Latin America,  S. A. 
Concept Sport,  S. A. 
 Stripes S. A.  (adidas Uruguay) 6)
adidas Corporation de Venezuela,  S. A.  6)
adisport Corporation 
Bogota (Columbia)
Mexico City (Mexico)
Mexico City (Mexico)
Neucalpan de Juarez (Mexico)
Panama City (Panama)
Panama City (Panama)
Montevideo (Uruguay)
Caracas (Venezuela)
San Juan (Puerto Rico)

COP
MXN
MXN
MXN
USD
USD
UYU
VEF
USD

51050713
286876
—
(307643)
(23978)
793
(436)
(17)
(1786)

22

22
23

131
164
22
directly

directly
directly
directly
directly
directly
22
directly
directly
22

95

8999
10
100
100
9999
9999
99

100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100
100

Company and domicile 
153
154
155
156

adidas Philippines Inc. 
adidas Singapore Pte.  Ltd. 
adidas Taiwan Limited
adidas Holding (Thailand) Co.,  Ltd. 

157 adidas (Thailand) Co.,  Ltd. 
158
159
160
161

adidas Australia Pty.  Limited
adidas New Zealand Limited
adidas Vietnam Company Limited
Reebok (Mauritius) Company Limited 
1) Sub-group adidas UK   2) Sub-group Reebok International Ltd.    3) Sub-group India   4) Sub-group Mexico,  adidas   5) Sub-group Taylor Made UK   6) Company with no active business  
7) The number refers to the number of the company   8) Sub-group Onfield   9) Sub-group Reebok-CCM Hockey,  Inc.    10) Sub-group Sports Holdings Corporation   11) Sub-group Reebok International Limited  
12) Profit and loss transfer agreement   13) Sub-group Taylor Made Golf Co.,  Inc.    14) Sub-group adidas Canada   15) Sub-group adidas Brazil 
Consolidated Financial Statements    Shareholdings 

  217

TECHFIT™ PowerWEB™
TECHFIT™ PowerWEB™ is designed to
focus muscle energy.  Optimally applied
pressure speeds up the process by which
energy is created in muscles and reduces
vibration,  resulting in 53% more power,  a
40% higher jump and 11% greater speed. 
In the final,  TECHFIT™ PowerWEB™
provided Nikola Karabatic with maximum
explosive power,  acceleration and endurance in one of the most exhausting matches
of the World Championship.  Karabatic not
only uses TECHFIT™,  he swears by it. 

20
09
Nikola
Karabatic
FRAnce 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

05

Ten-Year Overview  220
Glossary  222
Index  227
Publishing Details/Contact  228
Financial Calendar 2010  229

 
ZAGREB,  CROATIA February 1,  2009
France reaches the final of the World Men's Handball
Championship against host nation Croatia.  adidas
sponsored French national team player Nikola Karabatic
is bursting with energy.  He leads by example.  It's the
53rd minute.  Karabatic steps up and throws the 20-18. 
This two-point lead settles the French team,  and with
confidence high they dominate the last minutes of the
game,  winning 24-19. 

Additional Information    Overview 

  219

Additional Information 
05

N°

Ten-year overview 
01
2009

2008

2007

2006 1)

2005

2004

2003

2002

2001

2000

Income Statement Data (€ in millions)
Net sales 2)
Gross profit 2)
Royalty and commission income 2)
Other operating income 2)
Other operating expenses 2)
EBITDA 2)
Operating profit 2) 3)
Financial result 2) 4)
Income before taxes 2) 4)
Income taxes 2)
Minority interests 2) 4)
Net income attributable to shareholders 5)

10381
4712
86
100
4390
780
508
(150)
358
113

245

10799
5256
89
103
4378
1280
1070
(166)
904
260
(2)
642

10299
4882
102
80
4115
1165
949
(135)
815
260
(4)
551

10084
4495
90
55
3759
1078
881
(158)
723
227
(13)
483

6636
3197
47
36
2573
806
707
(52)
655
221
(8)
383

5860
2813
42
n/a
n/a
716
584
(59)
526
193
(7)
314

6267
2814
42
n/a
n/a
652
490
(49)
438
167
(11)
260

6523
2819
46
n/a
n/a
622
477
(87)
390
148
(14)
229

6112
2601
42
n/a
n/a
620
475
(102)
376
147
(21)
208

5835
2528
43
n/a
n/a
578
437
(94)
347
140
(25)
182

Income Statement Ratios
Gross margin 2)
Operating margin 2) 3)
Interest coverage 2)
Effective tax rate 2)
Net income attributable to shareholders as a percentage of net sales 5)

454%
49%
39
315%
24%

487%
99%
74
288%
59%

474%
92%
68
318%
54%

446%
87%
59
314%
48%

482%
107%
184
337%
58%

480%
100%
102
367%
54%

449%
78%
84
380%
42%

432%
73%
64
379%
35%

426%
78%
49
390%
34%

433%
75%
46
403%
31%

Sales by Brand (€ in millions)
adidas
Reebok
TaylorMade-adidas Golf
Rockport
Reebok-CCM Hockey 
7520
1603
831
232
177

7821
1717
812
243
188

7113
1831
804
291
210

6626
1979
856
293
202

5861
—
709
—
—

5174
—
633
—
—

4950
—
637
—
—

5105
—
707
—
—

4825
—
545
—
—

4672
—
441
—
—

Balance Sheet Data (€ in millions)
Total assets 4)
Inventories
Receivables and other current assets
Working capital 4)
Net borrowings
Shareholders' equity 4)

8875
1471
2038
1649
917
3771

9533
1995
2523
1290
2189
3386

8325
1629
2048
1522
1766
3023

8379
1607
1913
1733
2231
2828

5750
1230
1551
2644
(551)
2684

4434
1155
1425
1336
665
1544

4188
1164
1335
1433
1018
1285

4261
1190
1560
1445
1498
1081

4183
1273
1520
1485
1679
1015

4018
1294
1387
1417
1791
815

1) Including Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006 onwards.    2) 2004 and 2005 reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon business segment. 
3) Operating profit figures prior to 2004 exclude royalty and commission income and goodwill amortisation.    4) 2003 and 2004 figures have been restated due to application of IAS 32/IAS 39 and amendment to IAS 19. 
5) Includes income from continuing and discontinued operations.    6) Figures adjusted for 1:4 share split conducted on June 6,  2006.    7) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 

220 

  Additional Information    Ten-Year Overview 
N°

Ten-year overview 
01
2009

2008

2007

2006 1)

2005

2004

2003

2002

2001

2000

Balance Sheet Ratios
Net borrowings/EBITDA 2)
Financial leverage 4)
Equity ratio 4)
Equity-to-fixed-assets ratio 4)
Asset coverage I 4)
Asset coverage II 4)
Fixed asset intensity of investments
Current asset intensity of investments
Liquidity I 4)
Liquidity II 4)
Liquidity III 4)
Working capital turnover 4)
Return on equity 4) 5)
Return on capital employed 4) 5)

12
243%
425%
859%
1374%
1029%
495%
505%
300%
804%
1322%
63
65%
113%

17
646%
355%
736%
1277%
891%
482%
518%
105%
551%
1098%
84
189%
198%

15
584%
363%
722%
1361%
980%
503%
497%
145%
703%
1326%
68
182%
202%

21
789%
338%
635%
1387%
1020%
532%
468%
158%
804%
1537%
58
171%
176%

(07)
(205%)
467%
1940%
2841%
1504%
241%
759%
920%
1480%
2194%
26
143%
493%

09
431%
348%
1104%
1941%
1063%
316%
684%
268%
884%
1564%
44
204%
275%

16
792%
307%
911%
1976%
1083%
337%
663%
208%
1008%
1874%
44
202%
221%

24
1385%
254%
754%
1969%
1076%
337%
663%
55%
991%
1853%
45
211%
168%

27
1655%
243%
778%
2093%
1059%
312%
688%
61%
960%
1874%
41
205%
167%

31
2196%
203%
662%
2077%
1013%
307%
693%
77%
904%
1850%
41
223%
170%

Data Per Share 6)
Share price at year-end (in €)
Basic earnings 5) (in €)
Diluted earnings 5) (in €)
Price/earnings ratio at year-end
Market capitalisation at year-end (€ in millions)
Operating cash flow (in €)
Dividend (in €)
Dividend payout ratio (in %)
Number of outstanding shares at year-end (in thousands)

3777
125
122
310
7902
611
035 7)
298
209216

2714
325
307
88
5252
252
050
151
193516

5126
271
257
199
10438
383
050
180
203629

3773
237
225
168
7679
374
042
177
203537

4000
205
193
207
8122
188
033
172
203047

2969
172
164
181
5446
317
033
189
183436

2258
143
143
158
4104
358
025
175
181816

2058
126
126
163
3738
294
025
198
181692

2108
115
115
183
3823
212
023
200
181396

1650
100
100
165
2993
(006)
023
229
181396

39596
1352

38982
1283

31344
1186

26376
1087

15935
706

14254
637

15686
709

14716
758

13941
695

13362
630

Employees
Number of employees at year-end 2)
Personnel expenses 2) (€ in millions)

1) Including Reebok,  Rockport and Reebok-CCM Hockey from February 1,  2006 onwards.    2) 2004 and 2005 reflect continuing operations as a result of the divestiture of the Salomon business segment. 
3) Operating profit figures prior to 2004 exclude royalty and commission income and goodwill amortisation.    4) 2003 and 2004 figures have been restated due to application of IAS 32/IAS 39 and amendment to IAS 19. 
5) Includes income from continuing and discontinued operations.    6) Figures adjusted for 1:4 share split conducted on June 6,  2006.    7) Subject to Annual General Meeting approval. 

Additional Information    Ten-Year Overview 

  221

Glossary
AFIRM (Apparel and Footwear International
Restricted Substances List Management
Working Group)
 centre of excellence comprising experts
whose aim it is to reduce the use and impact
of harmful substances in the apparel and
footwear supply chains. 
American Depositary Receipt (ADR)
US-traded negotiable certificate of a foreignbased company held by a US bank that
entitles the holder to all dividends and rights
of the underlying stock.  ADRs provide a way
for Americans to invest in foreign-based
companies by buying their shares in the USA
instead of through an overseas exchange. 
Basic earnings per share (Basic EPS)
Performance indicator used to gauge a
company's earnings per share,  based on the
number of shares outstanding (excluding stock
options,  as well as options and conversion
rights related to a convertible bond). 
Basic EPS  net income / weighted average
number of shares outstanding during the year
 see also Diluted Earnings Per Share. 
Beta coefficient
Indicates a stock's relative risk.  A beta
coefficient of more than one indicates that the
stock has a higher risk than the overall market. 
Conversely,  a beta coefficient of less than one
indicates a lower risk. 

Better Cotton Initiative
The Better Cotton Initiative (BCI) was created
through a collaboration between the World
Wildlife Fund (WWF) and a wide range of
stakeholders involved in the cotton supply chain. 
BCI aims to promote measurable improvements
in the key environmental and social impacts
of cotton cultivation worldwide to make it more
economically,  environmentally and socially
sustainable  see www, bettercotton, org. 
Capital expenditure
Total cash expenditure used for the purchase
of tangible and intangible assets,  excluding
acquisitions and finance leases. 
Classics
Reebok products designed in an authentic
heritage style,  targeting sports lifestyle
consumers who seek trend-setting street wear
with authentic origins. 
Clearance sales
Revenues generated outside the course
of normal business terms,  arising from
commercial decisions by management to clear
excess stock usually through specific channels
and at a significant discount. 
Commercial paper
Tradable unsecured promissory notes issued
for the purpose of short-term financing. 
Commercial paper is issued on an ongoingrevolving basis with maturities typically
between seven days and 12 months or more. 
Concession corners
Retail space that is fully operated by one brand
and is part of a larger sales area operated by a
retail partner. 

222 

  Additional Information    Glossary 
Consumer price index (CPI)
Measure of the average price of consumer
goods and services purchased by households. 
Determined by measuring the price of a
standard group of goods meant to represent
the typical market basket of a typical urban
consumer.  The percentage change in the CPI
is a measure of inflation. 

Credit default swap
 credit default swap (CDS) is a swap contract
in which the buyer of the CDS makes a series
of payments to the seller and,  in exchangereceives a payoff if a credit instrument
(typically a bond or loan) undergoes a defined
'credit event",  often described as a default
(fails to pay). 

Controlled space
Controlled space includes own-retail businessmono-branded stores,  shop-in-shops,  joint
ventures with retail partners and co-branded
stores.  Controlled space offers a high level of
brand control and ensures optimal product
offering and presentation according to brand
requirements. 

Credit spread
Risk premium which represents the yield
difference between risk-free government
bonds and corporate bonds with the same
duration.  A potential investor demands an
additional yield (risk premium  credit spread)
for the higher risk of default with corporate
bonds versus government bonds. 

Convertible bond
Corporate bond that can be exchanged for
 specific number of shares of a company's
common stock.  Convertible bonds tend to have
lower interest rates than non-convertibles
because they also accrue value as the price
of the underlying stock rises.  In this wayconvertible bonds reflect a combination of the
benefits of stocks and those of bonds. 

Currency exposure
Currency risks for the adidas Group are a direct
result of multi-currency cash flows within
the Group.  The biggest single driver behind
this risk results from the mismatch of the
currencies required for sourcing our products
versus the denominations of our sales.  In order
to minimise this risk,  the adidas Group hedges
itself on a regular basis  see also Hedging. 

Corporate governance
Distribution of rights and responsibilities
among the primary stakeholders in a companyin particular shareholders,  the Executive Board
and the Supervisory Board. 

Currency-neutral
Financial figures translated at prior-year
exchange rates.  This indicates increases or
decreases to reported figures by eliminating
variances arising from currency translationthus reflecting the underlying business
performance. 

Cost of sales
Costs of sourcing and manufacturing products. 
This figure includes costs for raw materials
plus costs of production,  freight,  customs
and delivery to the adidas Group's sales
organisations. 

Currency option 
 see Option 
DAX-30 (DAX)
The DAX (Deutscher Aktienindex German
stock index) is a blue chip stock market index
consisting of the 30 major German companies
trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 

Days of sales outstanding (DSO)
Average time of receipt of outstanding
payments from customers. 
Diluted earnings per share (Diluted EPS)
Performance indicator used to gauge a
company's earnings per share,  assuming that
all stock options and conversion rights related
to a convertible bond are exercised,  which
would result in an increase of the number of
shares outstanding. 
Diluted EPS  (net income + interest expense
on convertible bonds net of tax) / (weighted
average number of shares outstanding during
the year + weighted share options + shares
from assumed conversion of convertible
bonds). 
D&O liability insurance
Directors and Officers (D&O) liability insurance. 
Protects directors and officers from liability
and litigation from actions against themclaiming wrongdoing in connection with the
company's business. 
Earnings per share (EPS)

 see Basic earnings 
per share and Diluted earnings per share 
EBITDA
Earnings before interest,  taxes,  depreciation
and amortisation. 
Emerging markets
Developing countries showing potential for
growth in both economic strength and private
wealth in the future.  For the adidas Groupemerging markets are the developing countries
of Asia (excluding Japan,  South Korea and
Singapore),  Eastern Europe,  Latin America
and Africa. 
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
 business management system that
integrates all facets of the business,  including
planning,  manufacturing,  sales and marketing. 

Equity ratio
Shows the role of shareholders' equity within
the overall financing structure of a company. 
Equity ratio  shareholders' equity / total
assets × 100. 

Financial leverage
Ratio reflecting the role of borrowings within
the financing structure of a company. 
Financial leverage  (net total borrowings /
shareholders' equity) × 100. 

Equity-to-fixed-assets ratio
Defines the percentage of non-current assets
financed by equity. 
Equity-to-fixed-assets ratio  equity / noncurrent assets. 

Forward contract
Agreement to exchange amounts of one
currency for another currency at an agreed
fixed rate at a future date. 

Fair Factories Clearinghouse
The Fair Factories Clearinghouse (FFC)
was established in 2004 with the purpose of
improving social,  environmental and security
standards and helping create humane working
conditions for workers making consumer
goods globally.  Membership now includes
many sporting and consumer goods companies
as well as a wide range of consumer goods
suppliers see  www, fairfactories, org. 
Fair Labor Association (FLA)
The Fair Labor Association (FLA),  a non-profit
labour rights organisation,  is a multi-stakeholder
initiative bringing together companies,  colleges
and universities and civil society organisations
to improve working conditions worldwide by
promoting adherence to international and
national labour  see also www, fairlabor, org. 
Fair value
Amount at which assets are traded fairly
between business parties.  Fair value is often
identical to market price. 
Finance lease
Method of acquiring an asset that involves a
lease with a special leasing company for a
specific,  non-terminable initial leasing term. 
The investment risk is borne by the lessee. 

Franchising
Form of business by which the owner
(franchisor) of a product,  service or method
obtains distribution through affiliated dealers
(franchisees).  The franchisor offers assistance
in organising,  training,  merchandisingmarketing and managing in return for a
monetary consideration. 
Free cash flow
Cash that is generated by a company's operating
activities after the deduction of capital expenditure and other cash expenses such as taxes and
interest from the operating profit. 
Free cash flow  operating profit + depreciation
and amortisation (incl.  goodwill) +/– changes
in operating working capital capital
expenditures +/– non-operating components. 
German Co-Determination Act
Mitbestimmungsgesetz (MitbestG).  This act
governs the form of co-determination of
employees in corporations employing more
than 2000 employees.  It stipulates,  among
other things,  that such a corporation's
Supervisory Board must be composed of an
equal number of employees and shareholder
representatives. 
Goodwill
Intangible asset that quantifies the price that a
buyer of a company has paid for the reputationknow-how and market position of the acquired
company.  Goodwill is the excess of the amount
paid over the fair value of the net assets
acquired at the purchase date. 

Go-to-market
All instruments,  tools and channels used to
connect with consumers in order to best fulfil
their needs. 
Green grass retailers
Golf distribution channel.  Small golf specialty
shops typically located at a golf course. 
Gross Domestic Product (GDP)
Market value of all finished goods and services
produced within a country in a given period of
time. 
GDP  consumption + investment + government
spending + (exports − imports). 
Gross margin
Gross profit as a percentage of net sales. 
Gross margin  (gross profit / net sales) × 100. 
Gross profit
Difference between net sales and the cost of
sales. 
Gross profit  net sales cost of sales. 
Halo effect
The halo effect refers to the cognitive bias
effect that when we consider something
good (or bad) in one category,  we are likely to
make a similar evaluation in other (related)
categories. 
Hardware
Product category which comprises sports
equipment that is used rather than worn by the
athlete,  such as bags,  balls,  fitness equipmentgolf clubs and hockey sticks. 
Hedging
 strategy used to minimise exposure to
changes in prices,  interest rates or exchange
rates by means of derivative financial
instruments (options,  swaps,  forward
contracts,  etc. )  see also Natural Hedges. 

Additional Information    Glossary 

  223

Hybrids
Golf clubs,  cross between a wood and an ironaggregating typical characteristics of both
clubs.  Often referred to as 'rescues". 
In-house bank
Internally and centrally managed cash
liquidity within the adidas Group network of
subsidiaries.  Organisation and implementation
through the adidas Group's Treasury department. 
Initial Public Offering (IPO)
First placement of a corporation's common
shares on an organised market. 
Institutional investors
Investors such as investment companiesmutual funds,  brokerages,  insurance
companies,  pension funds,  investment banks
and endowment funds.  They are financially
sophisticated,  with a greater knowledge of
investment vehicles and risks,  and have the
means to make large investments. 
Interest coverage
Indicates the ability of a company to cover
net interest expenses with income before net
interest and taxes. 
Interest coverage  income before interest
and tax / interest × 100. 
International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS)
Reporting standards (formerly called IAS)
which have been adopted by the International
Accounting Standards Board (IASB).  The
objective is to achieve uniformity and
transparency in the accounting principles
that are used by businesses and other
organisations for financial reporting around the
world. 

International Labour Organization
The International Labour Organization (ILO)
is a specialised agency of the United Nations
which seeks the promotion of internationally
recognised human and labour rights  see also
www, ilo, org. 
ISO 14001
International Organization for Standardization
(ISO) Standard 14001 specifies the requirements for an environmental management system within companies/organisations.  It applies
to those environmental aspects over which the
organisation has control and over which it can
be expected to have an influence (e.g.  energy
or water consumption). 
Key accounts
Wholesalers or retailers which are primary
customers and account for a large percentage
of sales. 
Licensed apparel
Products which are produced and marketed
under a license agreement with a sports
organisation (e.g.  FIFA,  UEFA,  IOC),  sports
league (e.g.  NFL,  NBA),  professional team
(e.g.  Real Madrid,  AC Milan) or university (e.g. 
UCLA,  Notre Dame).  If visible,  the supplier's
branding is secondary. 
Licensed business
For certain product categories,  independent
third parties are authorised to use the name
of a brand or company to manufacture and
distribute products.  For the adidas Group,  for
example,  licensed business is comprised of
royalty income e.g.  for cosmetics,  watches and
eyewear at adidas and fitness equipment at
Reebok. 
Lifestyle business
In the sporting goods industry,  business
related to sport-inspired casual footwear and
apparel. 

224 

  Additional Information    Glossary 
Liquidity ratios I – III
Measures the extent to which a company can
quickly liquidate assets to cover short-term
liabilities. 
Liquidity I: ( (sum of cash + short-term financial
assets) / current liabilities) × 100. 
Liquidity II: ( (sum of cash + short-term
financial assets + accounts receivable) /
current liabilities) × 100. 
Liquidity III: ( (sum of cash + short-term
financial assets + accounts receivable +
inventories) / current liabilities) × 100. 
Market capitalisation
Total market value of all outstanding shares. 
Market capitalisation  number of outstanding
shares × current market price. 
Marketing working budget
Promotion and communication spending
including sponsorship contracts with teams
and individual athletes,  as well as advertisingevents and other communication activitiesbut excluding marketing overhead expenses. 
Metalwoods
Golf clubs (drivers and fairway woods)
which are constructed from steel and/or
titanium alloys.  The name also pays homage
to persimmon wood,  which was originally
used in the creation of these products. 
This is the largest product category in terms
of sales in the golf market,  as well as for
TaylorMade-adidas Golf. 

Minority interests
Part of net income which is not attributable to
the reporting company as it relates to outside
ownership interests in subsidiaries that are
consolidated with the parent company for
financial reporting purposes. 
MOI (Moment of Inertia)
Measure of an object's resistance to changes in
its rotation rate.  Used as a key measurement in
the golf club business. 
Mono-branded stores
adidas,  Reebok or Rockport branded stores
not operated or owned by the adidas Group
but by franchise partners.  This concept is
used especially in the emerging markets,  such
as China,  benefiting from local expertise of
the respective franchise partners  see also
Franchising. 
Natural hedges
Offset of currency risks that occurs naturally
as a result of a company's normal operationswithout the use of derivatives.  For examplerevenue received in a foreign currency and
used to pay known commitments in the same
foreign currency. 
Net borrowings
Portion of gross borrowings not covered by the
sum of cash and short-term financial assets. 
If a negative figure is shown,  this indicates a
net cash position.  Net borrowings  short-term
borrowings + long-term borrowings cash –
short-term financial assets. 
OHSAS 18000
OHSAS 18000 is an international occupational
health and safety management system
specification. 

ÖKO-Tex Standard 100
An international testing and certification
system for textiles,  defining and limiting the
use of certain chemicals. 
Operating lease
Method of leasing assets over periods less
than the expected lifetime of those assets. 
An operating lease is accounted for by the
lessee without showing an asset or a liability
on his balance sheet.  Periodic payments
are accounted for by the lessee as operating
expenses for the period. 
Operating margin
Group operating profit as a percentage of net
sales.  Measure of the company's profitability
after cost of sales and other operating
expenses and income.  Best indicator of the
profitability of operating activities. 
Operating margin  (operating profit / net
sales) × 100. 
Operating overheads
Expenses which are not directly attributable to
the products or services sold such as costs for
sales,  marketing overheads,  logistics,  research
and development,  as well as general and
administrative costs,  but not including costs for
promotion and communications. 
Operating profit
Profit from operating activities after cost of
sales and operating expenses. 
Operating profit  gross profit + royalty and
commission income + other operating income
– sales working budget marketing working
budget operating overheads. 

Operating working capital
Company's short-term disposable capital
which is used to finance its day-to-day
business.  In comparison to working capitaloperating working capital does not include
non-operational items such as cash,  financial
assets and taxes. 
Operating working capital  accounts
receivable + inventories accounts payable
 see also Working capital. 
Option
Financial instrument which ensures the right
to purchase (call option) or to sell (put option)
 particular asset (e.g.  shares or foreign
exchange) at a predetermined price (strike
price) on or before a specific date. 
Other operating expenses
Expenses which are not directly attributable
to the products or services sold.  Operating
expenses are expenses for sales and
marketing,  research and developmentgeneral and administrative costs as well as
depreciation of non-production assets. 
Other operating income
Comprises all income from normal operations
that is not already included in other income
items. 
Own-retail activities
Sales directly generated through a store
operated by a brand segment within the adidas
Group.  Own retail includes Concept Stores
(e.g.  adidas Sport Performance,  Originals and
Sport Style) and concession corners as well as
factory outlets and e-commerce for the adidasReebok and Rockport brands. 
Performance business
In the sporting goods industry,  business
related to technical footwear and apparel,  used
primarily in doing sports. 

PGA Tour
Major US men's professional golf tourfeaturing 49 golf tournaments. 
Price-earnings ratio (P/E)
 company's share price divided by its current
or future diluted earnings per share.  The P/E
ratio is used by investors as a fundamental
measure of the attractiveness of a particular
security versus other securities or the overall
market.  It is usually more useful to compare
P/E ratios of one company to other companies
in a similar industry.  In general,  a high P/E
ratio suggests that investors are expecting
higher earnings growth in the future compared
to companies with a lower P/E. 
Price points
Specific selling prices,  normally using
'psychological" numbers,  for example a
product price of US $ 9999 instead of US $ 100. 
Private placement
Placement of debt securities directly to
institutional investors,  such as banks,  mutual
funds,  insurance companies,  pension funds
and foundations. 

Regions
The adidas Group distinguishes seventeen
markets which are aggregated into six
geographies: Western Europe,  European
Emerging Markets,  North America,  Greater
China,  Other Asian Markets and Latin America. 
Return on capital employed (ROCE)
Measure of the returns that a company is
realising from its capital. 
ROCE  (income before taxes + financial
result + extraordinary income) / (average of
shareholders' equity + minority interests + total
net borrowings). 
Return on equity (ROE)
Indicator of company profitability related to the
shareholders' financing. 
ROE  net income / shareholders' equity × 100. 
Risk-free rate
Rate of return to be expected on a risk-less
investment,  e.g.  federal bonds. 

Promotional expenditure
Expenses related to promotion partnerships 
Risk premium
Extra return that the overall market or a
particular stock must provide over the risk-free
rate to compensate an investor for taking a
relatively higher risk.  Risk premium  market
risk risk-free rate. 

Promotion partnerships
Partnerships with events,  associationsleagues,  clubs and individual athletes.  In
exchange for the services of promoting the
adidas Group,  the party is provided with cash
and/or promotional material. 

Royal and Ancient (R&A)
The R&A is the ruling authority of golf
everywhere except the United States and
Mexico,  where this responsibility rests with the
United States Golf Association (USGA)  see
also United States Golf Association (USGA). 
Sales working budget
Sales working budget expenditures relate
to advertising and promotion initiatives at
the point of sale as well as store fittings and
furniture. 

Additional Information    Glossary 

  225

Segment
Also Business Segment.  Units within a
company that have profit and loss
responsibility.  The adidas Group is currently
divided into six major business segments:
Wholesale,  Retail,  Taylor-Made adidas GolfRockport,  Reebok-CCM Hockey and Other
centrally managed brands. 
Segmental operating margin
Relation between segmental operating
profit and sales of the segment or the group
of segments (segmental operating profit/
segmental sales). 
Segmental operating profit
The operating profit of a segment or a group of
segments,  defined as gross profit minus costs
directly attributable to the segment or the
group of segments before Marketing Working
Budget expenditures and operating overhead
costs not directly attributable. 

Swaps
 derivative in which two counterparties agree
to exchange one stream of cash flows against
another stream. 
Tax rate
Indicates the tax rate paid by a company. 
Calculated by dividing taxes by income before
taxes. 
Top- and bottom-line growth
 company's bottom line is its net income,  or
the 'bottom" figure on a company's income
statement.  More specifically,  the bottom line
is a company's income after all expenses have
been deducted from revenues.  The top line
refers to a company's sales or revenues. 

Sell-through
An indicator of how fast retailers are selling a
particular product to the consumer. 

Top-down,  bottom-up
Specific concept for information and knowledge
processing.  Information and empowerment
of management decisions is delegated from
top to bottom in a first step.  After going into
more detail on the bottom level,  the final
information/decision is transported back to
the top. 

Shareholder value
 management concept that focuses strategic
and operational decision-making on steadily
increasing a company's value for shareholders. 

Toxproof mark/TÜV Rheinland Group
The Toxproof mark is a safety mark issued
by TÜV Rheinland,  especially for testing the
quantities of toxins in products. 

Shop-in-shop
adidas,  Reebok or Rockport area within a
larger store.  The concept may be operated
by the store or the adidas Group depending
on individual arrangements.  The goal of this
distribution method is to give consumers
 similar experience to an own-retail
environment,  albeit on a smaller scale. 

United States Golf Association (USGA)
The USGA is the United States' national
association of golf courses,  clubs and facilities
and the governing body of golf for the USA and
Mexico  see also Royal and Ancient. 

226 

  Additional Information    Glossary 
VOC (Volatile Organic Compounds)
Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) are organic
chemical compounds that can vapourise into
the air but may also be harmful,  causing
breathing and health problems.  VOCs are
by-products of the shoe manufacturing
process. 
Weighted average cost of capital
Calculation of the cost of capital according to
the debt/equity structure,  utilising a weighted
average cost of capital (WACC) formula.  The
cost of equity is typically computed utilising a
risk-free rate,  market risk premium and a beta
factor.  The cost of debt is calculated through
the risk-free rate,  credit spread and average
tax rate  see also Beta coefficient. 
Working capital
 company's short-term disposable capital
used to finance the day-to-day operations. 
Working capital  total current assets total
current liabilities  see also Operating Working
Capital. 
Working capital turnover
Shows how often a working capital item was
used in and replaced by the generation of sales
in the period under review.  The ratio shows
how long working capital is tied up and thus is
an indicator of the volume of capital needed to
generate sales.  The higher the ratio,  the more
positive it is deemed to be. 
Working capital turnover  net sales / working
capital. 
World Business Council for Sustainable
Development (WBCSD)
The WBCSD is a global association of
some 200 international companies dealing
exclusively with business and sustainable
development  see also www, wbcsd, org. 

World Federation of the Sporting
Goods Industry (WFSGI)
The WFSGI is an independent non-profit
organisation association formed by sporting
goods brands,  manufacturers,  suppliersretailers and other sporting industry-related
businesses.  It is the world authoritative body
for the sporting goods industry and is officially
recognised by the International Olympic
Committee (IOC) as the industry representative
 see also www, wfsgi, org. 

Index

Acquisition  108 ff.,  118
American Depositary Receipt (ADR)  44,  125
Annual General Meeting  28 ff.,  42 ff. 125 ff.,  161
Assets  118 ff.,  199
Auditor's Report  165

Backlogs  111,  158
Balance Sheet  108 f.,  122 f.,  125 f.,  149 ff. 
Bonds  42 f.,  128 ff. 
Borrowings  42 f.,  128 ff.,  149 f. 
Brand Overview  49
Business Performance
– adidas Group  112 ff. 
– Wholesale  132
– Retail  134
– Other Businesses  137

Campaigns  58 ff.,  143
Capital Expenditure  108 ff.,  122 ff.,  157
Cash  108 ff.,  122 ff.,  140 ff. 
Cash Flow Statement  122 ff. 
Consolidated Financial Statements  163
Compensation
– Report  38 ff. 
– Executive Board  38 ff. 
– Supervisory Board  41
Convertible Bond  42ff.,  121 ff.,  150,  184
Controlled Space  55,  108.  140 ff. 
Corporate Governance Report  33 ff. 
Cost of Capital (WACC)  108 ff. 
Cost of Sales  117,  146
Currency  112 ff.,  120 ff. 

Declaration of Compliance  31
Derivative Financial Instruments  149
Diluted Earnings per Share  42 ff.,  108 f.,  156
Dividend  42 ff.,  53,  124,  161


Earnings per Share  42 ff.,  108 ff.,  156
Economic and Sector Development  108 ff.,  149
Employees  97 ff. 
Equity  108,  122 ff.,  150 ff.,  189
– Statement of Changes in Equity  168
Exchange Rates  113,  120 ff.,  150 ff.,  160 f. 
Executive Board  24 f. 

Financial Calendar 2010 Inside Back Cover
Financial Expenses  109,  120,  128
Financial Highlights Inside Front Cover
Financial Instruments  120 ff.,  149 ff. 
Financial Leverage  110,  130 f.,  150
Financing Structure  130 f.,  150
Fixed Assets  109,  118 ff.,  182
Free Cash Flow  108 ff.,  161

Global Operations  88 ff. 
Glossary  222
Goodwill  120,  174
Gross Margin  108 ff.,  112 ff.,  132 ff.,  156 ff. 
Group Management Report  47

Hedging  131,  150 ff.,  159
Human Resources  97ff. 

Income Before Taxes  120,  167ff. 
Income Statement  115 ff.,  150 ff.,  199 ff. 
Internal Group Management System  108 ff. 
Interest Rate  112,  120 ff.,  151 f. 
Interview with the CEO  18 ff. 
Inventories  109 f.,  140,  173
Investments  108 ff.,  124,  144 ff.,  157 f. 
Investor Relations  42 ff. 


Leases  108 f.,  124
Liquidity  128,  140 ff.,  161
Locations  50 f.,  93

Major Locations and Promotion Partnerships  50 f.,  119,  147 f. 
Management Share Option Plan (MSOP)  126 f. 
Market Capitalisation  43 ff. 
Marketing Working Budget  118 f.,  160
Mission Statement  48

Net Income Attributable to Shareholders  42 f. 112,  120
Notes  170 ff. 

Off-Balance Sheet Items  124
Operating Expenses  108 f.,  112 ff.,  156
Operating Margin  108 ff.,  119 f.,  132 ff.,  160
Operating Working Capital  108 ff.,  147 ff.,  160
Operational and Sporting Highlights 2009  14 ff. 
Opportunity Report  140 ff. 
Outlook  156
Own-Retail Activities  119 ff.,  134,  146 f. 


Segmental Reporting  30 f.,  115,  202
Share Price Performance  42 ff. 
Shareholder Structure  44
Shareholders' Equity  44,  125,  122 ff. 
Shareholdings  44,  125,  212
Sourcing  88 ff. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income
and Expense  168
Strategy
– adidas Group  52
– Global Sales  54
– Global Brands  58
Subsequent Events  156 ff. 
Supervisory Board
– Report  28 ff. 
– Committees  30
– Members  26
Supply Chain  52 ff.,  88 ff.,  140 ff. 
Sustainability  102 ff. 

Targets Inside Front Cover
Taxes  120,  123,  142
Ten-Year Overview  220
Treasury  128 ff. 


Pensions  39 ff.,  99,  175,  188
Profit and Loss Statement  115ff.,  150 ff.,  199 ff. 
Product Launches  76,  86,  95,  158 f. 
Promotion Partnerships  50 f.,  119,  147 f. 
Provisions  33 ff.,  115 ff.,  123 f.,  175,  186

Research and Development  92 ff. 
Responsibility Statement  164
Risk Report  140 ff. 
Royalty and Commission Income  118

Additional Information    Index 

  227

Publishing Details/Contact
adidas AG
Adi-Dassler-Str.  1
91074 Herzogenaurach
Germany
Tel:	 + 49 (0) 91 32 84  0
Fax:	+ 49 (0) 91 32 84  22 41

 www, adidas-Group, com 
Investor Relations
Tel:	 + 49 (0) 91 32 84  21 87
Fax:	+ 49 (0) 91 32 84  31 27
Email: investor, relations[at]adidas-Group, com 
 www, adidas-Group, com/investors
adidas Group is a member of DAI (German Share Institute)DIRK (German Investor Relations Association) and NIRI
(National Investor Relations Institute,  USA). 
This report is also available in German. 
For further adidas Group publications,  please see our corporate website. 

Concept and Design
HunterLebron,  Munich 
228 

  Additional Information    Publishing Details/Contact 
Financial Calendar 2010

20
09

2009 Full Year Results	
Analyst and press conferences in Herzogenaurach,  Germany
Press release,  conference call and webcast 
  March 3,  2010

First Quarter 2010 Results	
Press release,  conference call and webcast 
  May 4,  2010

Annual General Meeting 	
Fürth (Bavaria),  Germany
Webcast 
  May 6,  2010

Dividend paid	
(Subject to Annual General Meeting approval)

  May 7,  2010

First Half 2010 Results	
Press release,  conference call and webcast 
  August 4,  2010

Nine Months 2010 Results	
Press release,  conference call and webcast 
  November 4,  2010

adidas AG
Adi-Dassler-Str.  1
91074 Herzogenaurach
Germany
©2010 adidas AG.  adidas,  Reebok,  TaylorMade,  adidas Golf,  Ashworth,  Rockport and CCM are registered trademarks of the adidas Group. 


