ANNUAL REPORT 1998

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page 
President's Letter 


Management Discussion and Analysis
1998: Key Points in Brief 


The adidas-Salomon Group 


adidas 
11

Mavic 
15

Salomon 
16

Taylor Made 
17

The Share 
19

Outlook 
20

adidas-Salomon Integration Making Good Progress 
22

Committed to Social Responsibility 
24

In the Sports Arena 
26

Supervisory Board and Executive Board 
36

Consolidated Financial Statements 
37

Auditors' Report 
65

Report of the Supervisory Board 
74

Selected Financial Data 
76

Table of Contents 


PRESIDENT'S LETTER
DEAR SHAREHOLDER: In 1998,  we achieved the second-best result in our
history.  To use the language of sport,  this is the silver medal.  Jan Ullrich,  a passionate
racing cyclist who has been endorsing our products since the start of his career,  also had
to be content with second place in the 1998 Tour de France,  despite his total commitment
and enormous will to win.  However,  his popularity with cycling fans worldwide has in no
way diminished.  In fact he was voted Germany's most popular athlete.  Donovan Baileythe Olympic 100m Champion in Atlanta,  put it into words: 'What I don't win only makes
me stronger".  As a company we have a similar philosophy. 
When it comes to showcasing our brands,  1998 was truly exceptional.  Early in
the year the Winter Olympics focused the attention of sports enthusiasts on Nagano.  In
summer the Soccer World Cup in France attracted more spectators than any single sports
event before.  When the French team,  promoting the three stripes,  won the World Cup,  we
could not have wished for more.  These were great times for our brands. 
For our share price,  times were not so great though.  It declined 24 per cent in the
course of the year despite our inclusion in the DAX 30,  the German blue-chip index. 
This,  however,  has not been representative of the underlying strength of the adidas
brand: A net sales increase of more than 70 per cent in the USA is a noteworthy achievement.  And the subsequent improvement of the market share of the adidas brand to more
than 12 per cent in the world's largest sporting goods market is truly outstanding. 
By the same token,  the adidas business increased by more than 15 per cent in
Europe.  Given our traditionally high market share in most European countries,  this is an
accomplishment of comparable dimension to our US achievements. 
The fact that we were able to keep our margins stable,  to improve our income from
operations by a double-digit figure and to propose the same dividend as last year are,  in
my eyes,  clear signs of a successful company. 
Nevertheless,  we cannot ignore the fact that the bottom line in 1998 has not kept up
with top-line growth. 
Several factors played a role here:
First: It is practically impossible to protect yourself against the impact of economic
crises as experienced in Asia and Russia at least in the short term.  In Asia,  the adidas
brand has lost just over 20 per cent in net sales in one year.  In Russia,  business has gone
sour after the havoc created by the financial crisis. 



President's Letter 
Second: When markets take a nose-dive,  like the golf market did in 1998,  the negative effects can be minimized by fast reactions but never completely eliminated.  When it
became clear that Taylor Made was in trouble because of demand rapidly diminishingwe reacted immediately: Staff levels were reduced,  spending halted,  production partly
stopped.  We could thus prevent the operating contribution of Taylor Made falling below
zero,  but we could not prevent it from being lower than last year. 
Third: Even our hedging strategy,  which reduces future currency risks,  turned out to
be a burden on our results last year.  We were using instruments that allowed us to secure
very favorable exchange rates and thus significant benefits in 1999,  but this has led to the
inclusion of some of the associated cost in our 1998 results. 
And fourth: The integration of Salomon turned out to be more difficult than anticipated.  But since the middle of the year we have initiated the necessary integration steps
and are now pleased with the pace of progress and confident that future developments
will be positive.  You will find more on this subject in the Management report. 
Looking forward,  it certainly lies within our power to pursue the rapid integration of
Salomon,  Taylor Made and Mavic.  And it is also within our power to expertly market our
products in order to gain further market share,  as in the USA and in certain European
countries,  or not to lose any ground in countries like Germany where we have a strong
market share position.  In Asia we see first signs of growth again after a year of crisisrelated downturns.  Last but not least,  it is in our power to improve our margins and control our costs.  These are our objectives and they are more important than ever before. 
The last few months of 1998 showed that the world's sporting goods markets have
slowed and partly lost their momentum.  We have to accustom ourselves to the idea of
more moderate growth.  While we are still maintaining our position and continuing to groweven where some of our competitors are suffering losses,  we will not be able to completely
escape the effects of a slowing market.  And our efforts to gain further market share will be
all the more difficult in areas where we are already strong. 
In 1999,  we do not anticipate that our earnings improvement will be driven by top-line
growth.  Bottom-line growth will be primarily fueled by better margins,  tighter cost control
and the increasingly successful integration of Salomon. 
Each of these factors lies within our hands and we will apply all our energies to
reach these objectives.  At the end of 1999 we want to be able to say again that we have
achieved the best result ever in our company's history.  However,  in order to reach our
goal,  our efforts,  like every top performance,  need to be accompanied by a bit of luck. 
You too can help steer our fortunes by continuing to place your trust in us and
accompanying us for a further year in our quest to become the best sports group in the
world. 

Robert Louis-Dreyfus 
President's Letter 


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS

1998: KEY POINTS IN BRIEF
STRONG INCREASE IN SALESSALOMON ACQUISITION IMPACTS BOTTOM LINE
● Consolidated net sales up 48% to DM 99 billion
● Income from operations improved by 23% to DM 737 million
● Financial result significantly impacted by financing of Salomon acquisition
● and by one-off items
● Further increase in tax rate
● Net income (before special effect) down 13% to DM 401 million
● Earnings per share (before special effect) DM 884

INTEGRATION OF SALOMON GROUP MAKING GOOD PROGRESS
● Salomon Worldwide being dissolved
● Headquarter functions being combined
● Integration of sales organizations initiated
● Sourcing activities optimized
● New business units established
● Cooperation in research and development intensified 
NET SALES

INCOME

EARNINGS PER SHARE

(DM bn)

(DM m)

(DM)

10

900

11



800

10

700





Ⅲ
Ⅲ





600

Ⅲ




500



400



300





Ⅲ


3





200



100



1994

1995

1996

1997

1998


1994

1995

1996

1997

1998*

Ⅲ Income before taxes and minority interests
Ⅲ Net income
* before special effect 


Management Discussion and Analysis 
Ⅲ

1994

1995

1996

* before special effect 
1997

1998*

adidas-Salomon
IN 1998 adidas-Salomon ACHIEVED HIGH GROWTH RATES DESPITE A FLAT MARKET.  HOWEVERFINANCIAL EXPENSES RELATING TO THE ACQUISITION OF SALOMON COULD NOT BE OFFSET BY
CORRESPONDING CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE RESULT BY THE NEWLY ACQUIRED BRANDS.  ONE-OFF
NEGATIVE IMPACTS ON THE FINANCIAL RESULT AND AN INCREASED TAX RATE CAUSED NET
INCOME (BEFORE SPECIAL EFFECT) TO FALL BELOW THE PRIOR YEAR'S LEVEL. 

MODERATE GROWTH IN SPORTING GOODS MARKETS In 1998 the
world's sporting goods markets achieved moderate growth at best.  The strong growth of 
NET SALES BY BRANDS
(in %)
Mavic 10

Ⅲ

recent years did not continue and there is evidence that some markets including the USA

Taylor Made 52

Ⅲ

experienced a slight decline.  Contributing factors to this development were the economic 
Salomon 86

Ⅲ

and currency crises in Asia,  Russia and most recently South America.  There has also 
adidas 852

Ⅲ

been a very significant change in consumer preference,  especially in the USA,  the world's
largest sporting goods market.  The trend,  particularly among young consumers,  is toward
leisure fashions in preference to authentic sportswear. 

NET SALES ALMOST REACHED DM 10 BILLION In this difficult environment adidas-Salomon increased consolidated net sales in 1998 by 48% to DM 99 billion. 
First-time inclusion of sales generated by the Salomon,  Taylor Made and Mavic brands
acquired at the beginning of the year represents 22 percentage points of this sales growth. 
Net sales under the adidas brand name outperformed average market growth ratesincreasing by 26% to DM 84 billion. 

adidas-Salomon
Net sales 1998,  split by region 
Americas
375%

Europe
549%

Asia
76%

SLIGHT INCREASE IN LICENSEE SALES With a virtually unchanged
number of licensee and distribution agreements net licensee sales in 1998 increased 3%
to well over DM 13 billion.  This growth is due solely to licenses for products not included
in the adidas-Salomon product ranges.  Sales under geographic licenses for adidas-Salomon
product lines declined by 4%,  primarily as a result of a significant decrease in licensee
sales in Japan,  where the licensee agreement expired at the end of 1998. 

Management Discussion and Analysis 


NEW RECORD IN FOOTWEAR AND APPAREL SALES Net sales of Foot
GROSS MARGIN
(%)

wear within the adidas-Salomon group reached DM 39 billion,  up 35% or DM 1 billion on 
43

Ⅲ

42

the previous year. 

Ⅲ

Apparel sales in 1998 grew 19%,  reaching DM 43 billion.  This represents 43% of 
41
40

Ⅲ

total net sales of the group.  Measured by sales volume,  Apparel thus remains the largest 
Ⅲ

39

product division. 

38
37
36

HARDWARE SALES AT A NEW LEVEL As the products of the newly acquired
Ⅲ

brands Salomon,  Taylor Made and Mavic are primarily included under Hardware,  sales of 
35

this product division increased from DM 238 million to DM 1743 million.  In prior years
1994

1995

1996

1997

1998

Hardware has primarily included bags and balls.  Today it also comprises skis,  snowboards
Ⅲ Gross profit in % of net sales 
bindings,  ski boots,  cross-country ski equipment and in-line skates marketed under the
Salomon brand name,  Taylor Made golf clubs and accessories,  and Mavic bike wheels
and rims. 

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS
(DM m / %)

Ⅲ

900
800


8

Ⅲ

Ⅲ

STRONGEST SALES GROWTH IN NORTH AMERICA In terms of regional 


performance,  North America again delivered the highest growth rates.  Net sales under the 
600



adidas brand name were up 68%,  while total net sales including the new brands doubled. 

500



This region contributed 35% to total net sales of the adidas-Salomon group in 1998. 

400



Ⅲ

700

300

Europe remains the largest market,  representing 55% of total net sales.  Sales in this 


Ⅲ

region at DM 54 billion were up 32%.  First-time inclusion of the Salomon group in the 
200



100



consolidated financial results accounted for 15 percentage points of this growth. 
In Asia/Pacific,  sales growth was relatively slow,  improving by just under 7% year
1994

1995

1996

1997

1998

Ⅲ Income from operations
Ⅲ in % of net sales 
over-year to reach DM 750 million.  This increase is entirely due to first-time inclusion of
sales of the new brands.  Sales of adidas products were 23% down compared to 1997largely due to currency translation effects. 
Latin America contributed DM 218 million to consolidated net sales,  which is an
increase of 30% compared to the previous year.  The total sales in this region were generated by the adidas brand. 

GROSS MARGIN REMAINED STABLE Gross profit increased 48%,  in line with
sales.  As a result,  gross margin at 419% (as a percentage of net sales) remained stable at
the previous year's high level.  Gross margin for the adidas brand at 421% was above the
average for the group,  while Salomon and Mavic were below the group level.  Despite the decline of the golf business Taylor Made maintained a gross margin above the group average. 

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS SHOWED DOUBLE-DIGIT GROWTH
The significant increase in sales and gross profit did not translate into a corresponding
improvement of income from operations.  While income from operations of the adidas
brand kept pace with sales growth,  the contribution of the Salomon group was low.  The
golf business in particular was not able to deliver its traditionally high level of profitability
due to the rapid decline of the US golf market. 



Management Discussion and Analysis 
Income from operations totaled DM 737 million,  representing an improvement of
226% compared to 1997 on an adidas stand-alone basis. 

PROFIT MARGIN ON TURNOVER
(%)

Advertising and promotional expenses represented 129% of net sales compared 
Ⅲ

to position the brands and safeguard our future success. 

marily reflecting the impact of the acquisition of the Salomon group.  Depreciation of intan
10


Ⅲ

adidas-Salomon regards this expenditure as an investment in the group's brands,  serving 
Depreciation and amortization increased by DM 101 million to DM 181 million,  pri
Ⅲ

Ⅲ

to 128% in 1997.  Additional expenditure was largely related to the Soccer World Cup. 



Ⅲ

Ⅲ

Ⅲ


5

Ⅲ

Ⅲ

Ⅲ


3

gible assets totaled DM 101 million,  the largest part of which,  DM 68 million,  was depre

1

ciation of goodwill and other intangibles relating to the Salomon acquisition. 
1994

SLIGHT IMPROVEMENT IN ROYALTY AND COMMISSION INCOME



1995

1996

1997

1998*

Ⅲ before taxes
Ⅲ net
* before special effect 
Royalty and commission income increased 25% to DM 87 million in line with licensee
sales.  The companies contributing to this result in 1998 remained virtually the same as in
1997.  Royalty income from Japan declined,  leading up to the expiry of the licensee agree
TOTAL NET SALES OF THE BRANDS
Change year-over-year,  in %

ments at the end of 1998. 
Ⅲ

FINANCIAL RESULT IMPACTED BY SALOMON ACQUISITION In
comparison to 1997 (a deficit of DM 31 million) the financial result deteriorated significantly
to a deficit of DM 224 million.  One of the main reasons was the high interest charge of 
Ⅲ

40

Ⅲ

30

Ⅲ
Ⅲ

20

Ⅲ
Ⅲ

DM 93 million relating to the acquisition costs of the Salomon group.  The total interest 
10

Ⅲ
Ⅲ

Ⅲ

–20

Negative exchange rate effects at DM 48 million (1997: positive DM 2 million) also 
expenses relating to hedging activities,  in particular knock-out options,  which secure a 

–10

expense amounted to DM 165 million (1997: DM 33 million). 

contributed to the worsening of the financial result.  This deterioration is primarily due to 
50

1994

1995

1996

1997

1998

Ⅲ adidas-Salomon
Ⅲ Licensees 
favorable rate for US dollar requirements in 1999 and were charged to income in an
amount of DM 62 million already in 1998.  This negative impact was partly offset by
positive exchange rate effects in Region Europe. 
Additionally,  provisions and allowances were made in response to the economic and
currency crises in Asia and Russia. 

EXTRAORDINARY INCOME NEUTRAL ON RESULTS In 1998,  as in the
prior year,  extraordinary income was recorded.  This amounted to DM 24 million (1997:
DM 22 million) although it had no impact on income before taxes as offsetting expenses
of the same amount are included in the selling,  general and administrative expenses.  The
expenses and extraordinary income are directly related to a special reward and incentive
plan for Management which is sponsored by two individual shareholders. 

Management Discussion and Analysis 


SECOND-BEST RESULT IN COMPANY HISTORY Due to the negative
impact of the financial result,  income before taxes was down DM 53 million or 8% yearover-year to DM 624 million. 
Net income before the special effect totaled DM 401 million (DM 884 per share). 
This is a deterioration of DM 62 million (DM 137 per share) or 134% year-over-year and
additionally reflects the negative impact of an increased tax rate of 330% (1997: 275%). 
Nevertheless,  this is the second-best result in the history of the Company. 
As already reported in the first quarter,  the result is impacted by a special charge of
DM 723 million.  In purchasing Salomon,  adidas also acquired a number of promising products and processes which were still in the development phase and had not yet reached
technological or commercial feasibility.  In line with adidas-Salomon's accounting and
valuation policy to expense research and development as it is incurred,  the fair value
of this in-process research and development,  which was independently determined at
DM 723 million,  was fully expensed in 1998. 
After inclusion of this special effect,  adidas-Salomon reports a net loss of DM 322
million for the year. 

SALOMON ACQUISITION CHANGED SCOPE AND STRUCTURE OF
BALANCE SHEET The acquisition of the Salomon group was completed at the end of
March 1998.  The purchase was 100% debt-financed,  significantly changing the scope
and structure of the balance sheet. 
On the liabilities side,  the acquisition led to an increase in short-term bank borrowings
in the remaining amount of the purchase price paid in 1998. 
On the assets side,  as a result of the acquisition,  there was an increase of DM 132 million in fixed assets,  DM 1136 million in goodwill and DM 109 million in other intangible
assets.  The special charge of DM 723 million was fully expensed. 
Total assets increased 44% to DM 6270 million. 

SIGNIFICANT INCREASE IN INVESTMENTS Investments in property and
equipment within the group totaled DM 233 million (1997: DM 91 million).  This significant
increase is partly related to the decision to expand the group's headquarters in Herzogenaurach.  As a result of the group's strong growth over the past few years,  the team of
employees is now working out of many different buildings.  In order to remedy this situationit was decided to take over and convert a site in Herzogenaurach and develop it into a
new global headquarters,  the adidas-Salomon 'World of Sports". 
To this end,  adidas-Salomon acquired,  for a purchase price of DM 44 million,  GEV
Grundstücksgesellschaft,  the company that owned the land and buildings.  AdditionallyDM 25 million was invested in renovation and conversion in 1998. 
The World of Sports is based on a modular construction plan comprising several
development stages which can be completed according to requirements.  The complex
may ultimately include a central administration building,  employee restaurant,  conference
and educational center,  research and development center and numerous sports facilities. 



Management Discussion and Analysis 
NET BORROWINGS INCREASED Outstanding net borrowings increased
from DM 144 billion at the end of 1997 to DM 324 billion at the end of 1998,  primarily
due to the financing of the acquisition of the Salomon group and higher working capital
requirements,  which were caused by the strong growth in sales. 
Taking advantage of the low short-term interest rates,  adidas-Salomon continued to
cover its financing needs with short-term borrowings.  However,  arrangements were made
for protection against credit and interest rate risk. 
As of December 31,  1998,  committed medium-term credit lines and other longerterm financing arrangements amounted to a total of DM 22 billion.  In the meantime,  this
amount has been raised further to DM 26 billion.  The committed medium-term lines have
maturities up to November 2002,  have maximum margins secured and can be drawn at
the Company's discretion.  Interest rate caps for the protection against interest rate risk
were outstanding for an amount of DM 20 billion at the end of 1998.  This amount has
also been increased in the meantime. 
To reduce the dependence on bank borrowings as the main financing vehicle,  a
Private Placement in the amount of FRF 525 million (DM 156 million) was completed in
November 1998,  with maturities between five and six years. 
In January 1999,  a Treasury Notes Program in the amount of EUR 150 million was
commenced in Belgium.  Drawings under the program currently stand at DM 170 million. 
 German Commercial Paper and Medium-Term Notes Program,  which will be introduced
later in the year,  is also in the process of being finalized. 
Finally,  adidas-Salomon has raised DM 100 million under a 10-year loan,  which has
been used for the refinancing of expenditures for the World of Sports project. 

EQUITY RATIO DECLINED Equity declined by DM 495 million,  primarily due
to the special charge as discussed above.  Equity (including minority interests) as a percentage of total assets decreased from 33% in 1997 to 16% in 1998. 

PARTICIPATIONS WITHIN THE GROUP RESTRUCTURED In the context
of the reorganization of logistics operations across the adidas-Salomon group,  as well as
European and global sourcing activities,  adidas International Trading B. V.,  a newly founded
subsidiary based in Amsterdam,  has been capitalized by way of a contribution in kind. 
This was achieved through the transfer of the shares in the company responsible for international sourcing activities,  adidas Asia/Pacific Ltd.,  Hong Kong,  from adidas-Salomon AG
to adidas International Trading B. V.  This transaction led to an intercompany profit of
DM 1008 million which is eliminated at group level in the adidas-Salomon AG consolidated financial statements. 

In connection with the reorganization of the French subsidiaries of the adidas-Salomon
group as well as the integration of adidas and Salomon,  adidas-Salomon AG transferredby way of a contribution in kind,  its holding in adidas Sarragan France S. A. R. L.  to adidas
Salomon France S. A. 

Management Discussion and Analysis 


In the process of the integration of the Salomon group the holding structure of the
subsidiaries in North America was changed at the end of 1998. 
None of these changes had a material impact on the group's 1998 results. 

SIGNIFICANT INCREASE IN NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES The average
headcount of adidas-Salomon in 1998 was 11661 employees.  This represents an increase
of 4019 compared to 1997.  Of this total,  first-time inclusion of the Salomon group accounts
for an additional 2855 employees.  The remaining increase is related to continued strong
growth of the adidas business.  Additional personnel were mainly needed in the operating
sector.  Takeover of distribution in Japan following the expiry of former licensee agreements
accounted for 113 additional employees. 

READY FOR THE YEAR 2000 In order to avoid performance problems in the
group's operations due to the Year 2000 issue,  adidas-Salomon set up,  in 1997,  a Year
2000 Programme Office to audit the entire IT landscape for potential risk,  with the support
of external consultants. 
The scope of the Year 2000 projects includes individual subsidiaries as well as all
business partners in the sourcing,  sales and finance sectors.  During 1998 all European
Year 2000 projects were audited by the Year 2000 Programme Office,  while the Asian and
American audits will be completed by the first quarter of 1999. 
The total costs for the Year 2000 project,  which is of crucial importance to the group's
daily operations,  are estimated to be DM 37 million,  of which DM 105 million has been
capitalized.  The total amount,  covering the three-year period of the project (1997-1999)includes an amount of DM 24 million for staffing costs and fees for external consultancy
services as well as costs of DM 13 million for replacement or upgrade of hardware and
software. 
As a result of its company-wide scope,  the Year 2000 project has also contributed to
 complete review of the IT systems,  resulting in an overall improvement in the quality of
these systems. 

10

Management Discussion and Analysis 
adidas
SALES AND EARNINGS OF THE adidas BRAND AGAIN SHOWED DYNAMIC DEVELOPMENT IN 1998. 
VIGOROUS GROWTH IN THE USA,  THE WORLD'S KEY SPORTING GOODS MARKET,  LED TO SIGNIFICANT
INCREASES IN MARKET SHARE,  OFFSETTING CRISIS-RELATED DECLINES IN ASIA.  THE adidas BRAND AGAIN
INCREASED INCOME FROM OPERATIONS.  IN 1999,  HOWEVER,  SALES AND EARNINGS GROWTH OF THE
adidas BRAND IS EXPECTED TO SLOW,  REFLECTING LESS DYNAMIC MARKETS. 

NEW RECORD IN SALES AND PROFIT In 1998,  adidas increased net sales
by 26% to over DM 84 billion,  strengthening its position as the world's second-largest sporting goods brand.  The high sales growth was primarily driven by Footwear,  which increased 
adidas FOOTWEAR
Net sales 1998,  split by region 
Americas
462%

Europe
476%

Asia
62%

by 35% to just under DM 39 billion.  Net sales of Apparel grew 19% to just under DM 43
billion.  Hardware sales increased 16%,  contributing DM 276 million to the new sales record. 
Gross margin improved by 20 basis points to 421%.  This success primarily reflects
the continued strict control of all sourcing costs.  As adidas was also able to maintain selling,  general and administrative expenses at an almost stable level in relation to net salesincome from operations improved to a new record of DM 752 million. 

POSITION IN THE EUROPEAN MARKET STRENGTHENED In 1998the total market for branded athletic footwear in Europe decreased slightly.  Although exact
figures for the overall European sporting goods market are not yet available,  indications 
adidas FOOTWEAR
Net sales 1998,  split by categories,  in %

are that the development was comparable to that of the athletic footwear market. 

17% to DM 48 billion.  For the first time since 1994,  adidas Footwear growth rates (+19%)

Training 116

Ⅲ

In this flat market,  net sales of products under the adidas brand name increased by 
Soccer 108

Ⅲ
Ⅲ

were higher than those of Apparel (+14%).  The increase in Footwear was primarily driven
by Running,  Tennis,  Kids,  Women and Originals.  Running remains the largest sports category,  ahead of Soccer and Training. 
Apparel growth in 1998 was primarily driven by non-fashion categories such as 
Running 464
Basketball 110

Ⅲ

Tennis 78

Ⅲ
Ⅲ

Others 124

Sports Specific,  i, e.  Running,  Tennis,  Basketball,  Workout,  and also Swimwear.  Measured
by volume,  Training remains the largest category,  followed by Soccer,  Lifestyle and Swimwear.  This development reflects a product strategy which addresses the performanceoriented sports enthusiast. 
As a result of the difficult market situation in Europe,  and the slower growth rate for
Apparel,  gross margin declined by 11 percentage points to 413%. 

Management Discussion and Analysis 
11

adidas' strong presence as main sponsor of the 1998 Soccer World Cup in France 
adidas APPAREL
Net sales 1998,  split by region 
Americas
295%

Europe
644%

underlined the brand's heritage and competence in this sports category.  Despite a share
Asia
61%

of the soccer boot market of around 40%,  coupled with strong competition and a flat market,  sales increased by more than 10%.  Soccer apparel grew impressively by more than
54%.  The success of the adidas-sponsored French national team,  the new World Champions,  almost certainly made a significant contribution to this development. 
In the key markets adidas outperformed most of its competitors.  The highest growth
rates across all product groups were achieved in Spain (+64%),  Poland (+45%),  Italy
(+32%),  the Netherlands (+30%) and France (+19%).  adidas UK further strengthened its
market position with a double-digit growth rate. 
Despite signs of an economic slowdown and decrease of the athletic footwear market
in Germany and Norway,  adidas was able to further increase its large market share.  In
both countries adidas sales stabilized at a very high level.  In Russia,  sales declined significantly in the aftermath of the economic crisis. 
 new joint venture was set up in Turkey in 1998,  replacing the former licensee. 
adidas Turkey commenced operations in January 1999.  Turkey has the highest growth
rates amongst the main target group (12-21 years) in Europe.  In light of a well established
brand image and reputation,  adidas sees high potential for the brand in Turkey. 
In the overall European marketplace,  there seems to be little potential for leveraging
sales growth in 1999.  However,  in the medium term the adidas brand is well positioned to
increase its market share and profitability in a single European market. 

MARKET SHARE IN NORTH AMERICA INCREASED SIGNIFICANTLY
adidas was the fastest growing sports brand in North America in 1998.  Net sales were up
68% to DM 29 billion,  while the sporting goods market in general was flat and the athletic
footwear market even contracted.  The region's growth was led by the USA with sales of
DM 27 billion,  up 71% over 1997. 
In the USA,  Footwear sales climbed 93%,  doubling market share to over 12%.  The
growth was driven by the Running category which was up strongly for the third year in a
row and now represents slightly more than half of all Footwear sales. 
The athletic apparel market in the USA was also tough,  yet sales of adidas Apparel
grew 48%,  primarily driven by the Women's category and the popularity of three-stripe
styles across all categories. 
Sales in Canada at DM 187 million were up 28%,  yet a clear and sudden shift in consumer preferences away from branded athletic footwear and apparel led to excess inventories industry-wide and subsequent price wars.  This change in consumer preferences
coupled with a decline in the value of the Canadian dollar drove down the gross margin. 
Nevertheless,  gross margin for the region as a whole developed positively,  improving
02 percentage points to reach an all-time high of 385%.  The improvement in margin was
broad-based but most impressive in Apparel.  This improvement was directly related to price
increases resulting from product range adjustments and to a reduction in clearance sales. 

12

Management Discussion and Analysis 
adidas is meanwhile also well established in the most popular spectator sports in
North America: baseball,  football,  basketball and college sports.  In baseball,  the associa
adidas APPAREL
Net sales 1998,  split by categories,  in %

tion with the World Series Champion New York Yankees continued to establish adidas as a 
Workout 52

Ⅲ

of the brand in this sport.  In basketball,  adidas relies on signature athletes like Kobe Bryant
and Antoine Walker.  Endorsers of adidas in the college sports sector include colleges rich 
Others 82

Ⅲ

leader.  Signings with four National Football League (NFL) teams will also improve visibility 
Lifestyle 79

Ⅲ

Soccer 162

Ⅲ

in tradition such as Notre Dame,  Tennessee and,  beginning in 1999,  UCLA. 
These signings improve visibility of the adidas brand and,  coupled with enhanced media
exposure,  will provide a strong platform for future success of the brand in North America. 

Ⅲ

All-purpose 625

SALES IN ASIA/PACIFIC IMPACTED BY ECONOMIC CRISIS The currency crisis that swept across the region in the second half of 1997 resulted in a depressed
economic climate in key countries for the adidas brand in 1998. 
Net sales in nominal terms dropped by 23% to DM 539 million.  However,  at constant
exchange rates this would have been only slightly below the previous year.  A major contributing factor to this development was the halving of sales in South Korea,  one of the key
markets for adidas in this region,  but sales also declined in Hong Kong and Malaysia. 
This decline was not offset by business expansion in other markets,  although some
of these achieved impressive growth rates.  For example in India,  adidas sales were up by
more than 200%,  in China sales almost doubled,  while sales in Taiwan and Singapore
increased by over 20%. 
Despite adverse conditions gross margin at 404% was only 05 percentage points
below the previous year.  This result reflects changes in the product and sourcing mix and
price increases,  and also the fact that a substantial portion of the US dollar requirements
for the year was hedged. 
adidas Japan K. K.,  a wholly owned subsidiary of adidas-Salomon AG,  was founded in
February 1998.  Following expiry of the licensee agreements at the end of 1998 this company now controls sales and distribution of adidas products in Japan,  the largest single
market in the region,  creating the basis for improved market penetration. 
1999 will see a significant increase in sales through the first-time inclusion of sales
in Japan in the consolidated financial statements.  adidas intends to provide momentum
for the brand in markets where sales have declined,  by focusing on merchandising and
enhancing brand presence. 
Some additional impetus is also expected to be forthcoming from the integration of
Taylor Made.  From April on,  five adidas subsidiaries will assume responsibility for distribution of Taylor Made products.  adidas' expertise in sales and marketing will be used to
leverage the golf business in these countries. 

LATIN AMERICA SHOWED STRONG GROWTH In Latin America net
sales of adidas brand products increased 30% to DM 218 million.  The top performing
countries were Argentina (+93%) and Mexico (+39%),  while high growth rates in Brazil 
Management Discussion and Analysis 
13

and Chile were also partly due to the taking over of the former licensee business.  adidas
Chile took over the apparel business in the Chilean market while the Brazilian subsidiary
took over the sales of locally produced footwear halfway through the year. 
These measures are in line with the objective to achieve better control of the brand
by establishing wholly owned subsidiaries.  As a result,  the share of total sales contributed
by adidas subsidiaries in Latin America increased to 42%,  with the remaining 58% being
generated by licensee business,  mainly in Footwear.  Reflecting this restructuring processgross margin improved by 57 percentage points to 390%. 
Apparel sales increased by 87%,  growing at a faster rate than total net sales.  As a
consequence,  Apparel sales increased from 12% to 18% of total sales.  Footwear sales
grew 21% and now account for 75% of total sales. 
1999 will be a challenging year for Latin America as the devaluation of the Brazilian
currency at the beginning of the year is expected to affect the whole region. 
At the beginning of 1999 a new subsidiary in Colombia took over sales in the Colombian markets formerly serviced by a distributor.  Likewise the Central American and Caribbean countries will be serviced by the subsidiary in Panama instead of by distributors. 
Forward order buying programs for key accounts have now been introduced in all
major markets,  substantially limiting the risks on the product purchasing side. 
Factory outlets will provide new means of controlling inventory levels and the setting
up of adidas-owned image shops will help to improve the positioning of the brand,  while
the installation of shop-in-shop systems at retail will support presentation of adidas products at the point of sale. 

14

Management Discussion and Analysis 
MAVIC
FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE 1995 MAVIC PASSED THE BREAK-EVEN POINT IN ITS OPERATING RESULT. 
STRONG SALES GROWTH HAS LED TO ECONOMIES OF SCALE.  AN EXPANDED PRODUCT RANGE IS
EXPECTED TO SUPPORT CONTINUED GROWTH IN THE FUTURE. 

UPTURN IN SALES Mavic increased sales in 1998 in all regions and product
groups by a total of 28% to DM 102 million.  This sales growth was driven by the Wheels
category which grew 61% to DM 48 million,  which represents around half of total net 
MAVIC
Net sales 1998,  split by region 
Americas
186%

Europe
791%

Asia
23%

sales.  Rims accounted for DM 51 million,  9% up compared to 1997. 
In terms of regional performance,  growth was led by Europe with an increase of 31%
to DM 81 million,  followed by North America where sales increased 21% to DM 19 million. 
The engine of growth was the quality of the innovative products coupled with the successes and popularity of promotional partners such as top racing teams Crédit Agricole
and Post Swiss. 

POSITIVE OPERATING RESULT Mavic contributed to the success of the group
in 1998,  achieving a positive operating result for the first time since 1995.  While gross 
MAVIC
Net sales 1998,  split by products,  in %

margin declined slightly to 35% of net sales,  the operating result improved by well over
DM 4 million to DM 1 million due to a stable level of operating expenses. 

Components 41

Ⅲ

EXPANSION OF PRODUCT RANGE EXPECTED TO BOOST SALES
Ⅲ

In fall 1998 Mavic launched a new product: an electronic gear shift.  This was hailed by 
Wheels 466

experts as the most outstanding innovation of the season in the cycle component sector. 
Led by the new product,  Mavic expects to increase sales further in 1999. 
Ⅲ

Rims 493

Management Discussion and Analysis 
15

SALOMON
SALOMON'S SUCCESS IN 1998 WAS PRIMARILY DRIVEN BY NEW PRODUCTS: HIKING BOOTS,  IN-LINE
SKATES AND SNOWBOARDS.  GROWTH ACHIEVED IN THE WINTER SPORTS SECTOR,  A MARKET WHICH
HAS BEEN DIFFICULT FOR YEARS,  UNDERLINES THE UNBROKEN INNOVATIVE STRENGTH OF THE BRAND. 
THE OPERATING RESULT IMPROVED DUE TO A NUMBER OF MEASURES TO ENHANCE EARNINGS AND
ALMOST REACHED BREAK-EVEN.  IN 1999 SALOMON EXPECTS TO ACHIEVE GROWTH IN SALES AND
AN IMPROVEMENT IN PROFITABILITY. 

SALES OF WINTER SPORTS PRODUCTS REMAINED STABLE Sales of 
SALOMON
Net sales 1998,  split by region 
Americas
281%

Europe
544%

products under the Salomon brand name increased by 13% to DM 850 million in 1998. 
Asia
175%

Winter sports products,  growing 1%,  contributed 80% or DM 678 million to total Salomon
sales.  Performance of the individual categories was mixed.  Snowboard sales almost doubled
to DM 78 million as a result of the expansion of the product range.  Alpine Ski equipment
(skis,  bindings,  boots and snowblades) decreased by 5% as a result of a continued decline
of the market,  but Salomon succeeded in strengthening its market shares,  except,  as a
result of intensive price pressure,  in the bindings sector. 

SALES OF SUMMER SPORTS PRODUCTS DOUBLED Sales of Salomon
summer sports products were up 105% to DM 172 million.  Summer sports products now
account for 20% of total Salomon brand sales,  compared to 11% in 1997.  Hiking Boots
SALOMON

and Footwear were the major growth drivers,  increasing 55% to DM 130 million.  Other top 
Net sales 1998,  split by products,  in %

performers included the newly introduced In-line Skates which contributed DM 42 million
Hiking boots / Footwear 153

In-line skates 50
Gear 40
Snowboards 91

to net sales in their first season.  This result far exceeded management's own expectations 
Ⅲ

Alpine skis 225

Ⅲ

formance-oriented in-line skates. 

Ⅲ

Bindings 166

Ⅲ

Cross-country
ski equipment 87
Ski boots 188

and is attributable to Salomon's leadership position in state-of-the-art technology for per
Ⅲ
Ⅲ

GROSS PROFIT SUBSTANTIALLY IMPROVED Gross profit grew at a significantly faster rate than net sales,  increasing 36% to DM 332 million.  This result is attributable 
Ⅲ
Ⅲ

to improvements of gross margin in all winter and summer sports product categories. 
Gross margin across all product categories improved 66 percentage points to 390%. 
This improvement reflects lower costs,  better average sales prices,  the stabilization of
inventories and a particularly strong winter season at the end of 1998. 

16

Management Discussion and Analysis 
OPERATING RESULT ALMOST AT BREAK-EVEN LEVEL Operating expenses
increased by 16%,  growing at a far more moderate rate than gross profit.  As a consequencethe operating result improved by DM 41 million and,  at negative DM 3 million,  almost
reached break-even. 
Marketing expenses were up 4% to DM 98 million. 

FURTHER IMPROVEMENT OF SALES AND PROFITABILITY Net sales of
Salomon brand products will continue to grow in 1999.  Additionally the numerous integration measures already initiated will further improve profitability.  This means Salomon can be
expected to record a positive operating result for the first time in 1999.  In the medium term
Salomon is seeking to achieve an operating margin in line with the current adidas level. 

TAYLOR MADE
1998 WAS A BAD YEAR FOR THE GOLF INDUSTRY.  GLOBAL SALES DECREASED SIGNIFICANTLY,  ALSO
IMPACTING TAYLOR MADE.  THE USA AND JAPAN,  THE TWO LARGEST GOLF MARKETS IN THE WORLDEXPERIENCED A SLUMP IN SALES,  LEADING TO CONSIDERABLE PRESSURE ON THE OPERATING RESULT OF
TAYLOR MADE.  HOWEVER,  WITH THE HELP OF NEW PRODUCTS TAYLOR MADE EXPECTS TO STABILIZE
SALES AND IMPROVE EARNINGS AGAIN IN 1999. 

MARKETS IN USA AND JAPAN IN SHARP DECLINE While in the first
quarter of 1998 Taylor Made increased sales by 25%,  the second quarter showed a
slump in sales in the USA and Japan which continued through the rest of the year.  In the 
TAYLOR MADE
Net sales 1998,  split by region 
Americas
744%

Europe
139%

Asia
117%

second half of the year,  the production of Ti Bubble 2 Metalwoods was stopped altogether
in order to allow retailers to reduce inventories and free space for new products in 1999. 
The significant deterioration of major markets is attributable to several factors.  The
level of innovation content offered by the products in the 1998 range was not felt by consumers to match the price.  The climatic phenomenon 'el niño" brought continuous rainfall lasting until the end of June to California and Florida,  the biggest volume golf markets. 
It was impossible or impractical to play golf,  impacting demand for golf products accordingly.  As a consequence inventories at retail rose and sales of Taylor Made products fell. 
In Japan,  sales suffered from the overall economic downturn of the country. 

Management Discussion and Analysis 
17

Total sales in 1998 declined by 15%,  or DM 90 million,  to DM 514 million.  Most 
TAYLOR MADE
Net sales 1998,  split by products,  in %

Putters 15

severely impacted,  with a decrease of 30%,  were Metalwoods,  which account for more
than 50% of total sales.  Over the year as a whole,  sales declined 39% in Asia and 15% in 
Ⅲ

Accessories 99

North America.  An improvement in sales was achieved only in Europe,  which represents 
Ⅲ

around 15% of total sales.  Sales in this region grew 33% to DM 71 million.  In terms of
Woods 509
Irons 377

Ⅲ
Ⅲ

product categories,  Irons were the top performers,  growing 11% to DM 194 million and
increasing this category's share of total sales by 9 percentage points to 38%. 

GROSS PROFIT DETERIORATED Gross profit deteriorated by 20% to DM 230
million.  Accordingly,  the gross margin declined by 28 percentage points to 447%.  This
development is attributable to overstocking at retail,  a collapse of consumer demand and
 subsequent increase in discounted sales. 

OPERATING RESULT DOWN,  MARKETING EXPENSES UNDER
CONTROL The operating result fell 69% to DM 30 million.  Despite cost-cutting measures,  including a significant reduction of the headcount,  it was not possible to offset the
pressure on the operating result coming from the decline in sales.  Control of marketing
expenses was tightened to the greatest possible extent,  allowing only a 1% increase to
DM 92 million.  At 5% the increase in operating expenses was moderate. 

INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS AND RENOWNED PROMOTIONAL
PARTNERS FOR A BETTER FUTURE For 1999 Taylor Made rounded off its product
range with newly developed golf balls.  This means Taylor Made is now represented in
most major golf-related equipment categories.  At the same time a new generation of innovative golf clubs to be marketed under the product name FireSole™ is expected to capture
new customer interest. 
The marketing support for launch of the new products will include world-class golfer
Mark O'Meara,  who was selected as PGA Player of the Year in 1998. 
With its new products,  clubs as well as balls,  Taylor Made expects to be able to maintain sales in 1999 at the prior year level and,  at the same time,  improve operating income. 

18

Management Discussion and Analysis 
THE SHARE
FOLLOWING A SHARP RISE IN THE SHARE PRICE IN THE FIRST HALF OF THE YEAR THERE WAS AN EQUALLY
SHARP FALL SHORTLY AFTER INCLUSION IN THE DAX,  WHICH CONTINUED UNTIL THE END OF THE YEAR.  AT
THE BEGINNING OF THE NEW YEAR THE adidas-Salomon SHARE HAD LOST ALMOST A QUARTER OF ITS
VALUE,  COMPARED TO THE BEGINNING OF 1998.  DESPITE A DECLINE IN EARNINGS,  IT IS PROPOSED THAT
THE DIVIDEND PAYMENT REMAINS UNCHANGED AT DM 165 PER SHARE. 
STOCK MARKET PERFORMANCE MIXED 1998 was a year of strong share
price fluctuation for the stock markets in Europe.  The DAX,  comprising Germany's 30

adidas-Salomon SHARE PRICE
VS.  DAX AND INDUSTRY INDEX
(Indexed,  January 2  100)

largest quoted companies,  had increased an amazing 44% by July as a result of the stock 
150

market boom.  However,  the Russian economic and currency crisis triggered an almost 
140

equally strong slide in share prices that was intensified by worsening expectations for the 
130
120

global economy and fears of a crisis in South America. 

110

Towards the end of the year the DAX recovered to finish 1998 at around 5000 points
100

an increase of 16% compared to the previous year. 
90
80

SHARE PRICE DECLINED IN SECOND HALF YEAR By the middle of the 
70

year,  the adidas-Salomon share had increased by around 38%,  to a high of DM 329fueled by good results,  high expectations following the take-over of the Salomon group
and the strength of the overall stock market. 

Jan. 1998

Dec. 1998

Ⅲ adidas-Salomon
Ⅲ DAX
Ⅲ S&P SC Footwear 
In July,  during the Soccer World Cup,  the share price began to decline.  The golf
business was not meeting the high expectations,  the integration of Salomon was progressing slowly at this point and sales and order backlogs no longer showed the traditional high
growth rates. 
The worsening financial position of our main competitors also led to a downturn in
the overall industry's share prices.  In addition,  it became increasingly apparent that retail
chains in the USA specializing in sporting goods had expanded too quickly and now
needed to consolidate.  Their shares also fell rapidly,  as indicated by the S&P SC Footwear
index.  adidas-Salomon could not escape the industry trend. 
The adidas-Salomon share closed the year at DM 182.  The share price had virtually
halved compared to its all-time high and had declined by DM 56 or 24% compared to the
start of the year. 
Market capitalization at the end of the year stood at DM 83 billion (previous year:
DM 104 billion). 

INCLUDED IN THE GERMAN SHARE INDEX

In June 1998 the adidas
Salomon share was admitted to the DAX.  With its inclusion,  adidas-Salomon moved up to
the premier league of listed German companies,  bringing greater visibility to the share. 

Management Discussion and Analysis 
19

FINANCIAL INFORMATION ON THE INTERNET Financial information 
KEY PER SHARE DATA
(in B/DM,  except for number of shares)
1998

Year end price
High 
1998
DM

and information on the adidas-Salomon share is now available on the internet.  Investors 
1997
DM

9330 18200 23000
16830 32900 26800

Low
Net income**

7720 15100 13160
452

884

Dividend 
084*

165*

165

Cash flow***

264

517

4535

financial information at <www, adidas, de>.  The current adidas-Salomon annual report
and the quarterly reports will be published on the internet.  This will ensure that individual
investors and others interested in investing in adidas-Salomon have access to key infor
172

4535

can find the current share price,  charts showing share price development and detailed 
Number of shares
outstanding (m)

1021

mation at the same time as financial analysts and institutional investors. 

PROPOSED DIVIDEND PAYMENT OF DM 75 MILLION The adidasSalomon Executive Board will propose to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders a 
*** Dividend proposal
*** before special effect in 1998
*** Net cash provided from operating
activities 
dividend for 1998 of DM 165 per share,  maintaining last year's level.  This represents a
total payout of DM 75 million. 
The proposal is based on the assumption that many of the factors that have influenced
the 1998 results were of a one-off character and that this,  in anticipation of better results
in 1999,  justifies continuity in the Company's dividend policy. 
The proposal represents an increase in the total payout ratio from 16% in 1997 to 19%
of consolidated net income before the special effect in 1998.  With this proposal the Executive Board has made almost maximum use of the scope defined by previously formulated
Company policy to maintain a payout ratio of between 15% and 20%. 
As in the previous year the Company's tax situation does not permit any tax credit for
German domestic shareholders with unlimited tax liability. 

OUTLOOK
MARKET CONDITIONS FOR THE GROUP'S PRODUCTS DETERIORATED IN 1998,  AND THE GLOBAL
SPORTING GOODS MARKET IS EXPECTED TO REMAIN FLAT IN 1999.  DESPITE THESE MARKET DEVELOPMENTS,  adidas-Salomon AIMS TO INCREASE EARNINGS BY IMPROVING MARGINS AND ACHIEVING
BETTER COST CONTROL.  POSITIVE CONTRIBUTIONS ARE ALSO EXPECTED TO BE FORTHCOMING FROM
THE INTEGRATION OF THE SALOMON GROUP. 

Market conditions for the group's products deteriorated in 1998 and prospects for an
improvement in the overall market in 1999 have been dampened.  According to independent forecasts,  the global sporting goods market in 1999 is expected to remain flat and in
certain segments even to contract. 
These forecasts are based on various factors.  For the sporting goods industry as a
whole,  although not necessarily for each individual company,  anticipated development of
gross domestic product and consumption in the private sector is regarded as a key 
20

Management Discussion and Analysis 
indicator of future growth.  Europe is expected to slow,  while in Asia first signs of improvement have only just become visible.  In the USA,  where the consumer climate is felt to be
positive,  outlook for the industry is dampened as a result of excessive floor space expansion at retail. 
Although floor space growth generated additional demand for in-store inventory
during 1998,  the expansion outpaced consumer demand,  with an inevitable increase in
inventory at retail.  This is currently the constellation in the sporting goods industry in the
USA,  where it may take up to one year before the imbalance in supply and demand is
entirely corrected. 
Another important factor is the change in demand patterns in particular among some
of the group's key consumers,  where the last year has seen the strength in the brown shoe
and leisure fashion segments affect the sporting goods industry.  It continues to be difficult
to predict future developments in this key consumer sector. 
Despite these market developments,  adidas-Salomon expects to be able to increase
earnings in 1999. 
The development of the result is,  however,  not expected to be driven predominantly
by the top line where,  in light of the market forecasts discussed above,  adidas-Salomon
anticipates single-digit percentage growth.  As the industry,  in particular in the USA,  is
currently in a period of change,  forecasts in this context carry an element of uncertainty. 
Therefore,  it cannot be ruled out that these expectations will not be realized. 
Sales are expected to increase only moderately in comparison to previous years,  as is
indicated by the fact that at the end of 1998 orders were up by only 1% year-over-year. 
An improvement in earnings will therefore primarily be achieved through increased efforts
to further improve gross margin and achieve better cost control. 
Positive contributions to the results are also expected to be forthcoming from synergy
effects achieved in the context of the integration of the Salomon,  Taylor Made and Mavic
brands.  Key integration steps were initiated in 1998,  and the first positive impact of these
measures will be felt in a significant improvement of the contribution provided by these
brands in 1999.  As the team spirit becomes increasingly stronger,  synergy effects will also
be further strengthened. 
adidas-Salomon also expects to increasingly benefit from the commencement of
operations of adidas Japan,  following completion of the start-up phase.  The new organization will enable the group to enhance the positioning of the adidas brand in Asia's largest
market and to capitalize on market potential. 
Additionally,  net cash provided by operating activities will be used to reduce borrowings,  leading to a corresponding improvement of the net interest result. 
In 1999 adidas-Salomon expects to achieve a significant improvement in earnings
and thus to be able to continue the excellent track record of previous years.  At this point
in time,  however,  it is not clear what effect the latest decisions on tax legislation in Germany will have on the results. 

Management Discussion and Analysis 
21

adidas-Salomon INTEGRATION
MAKING GOOD PROGRESS

 great fit that was the title of a brochure produced prior to the acquisition,  setting
out the anticipated benefits of the integration of adidas and Salomon.  Nothing has changed
in the rationale.  Salomon,  Taylor Made and Mavic are outstanding brands,  forming a perfect match with adidas.  The complementary fit of the two companies is truly excellent in
terms of regional focus,  product groups,  and the seasonal aspects of our business.  There
are synergies inherent in the combining of headquarter functions,  sales organizations and
sourcing activities.  adidas is able to benefit from Salomon's high level of technical innovation,  while Salomon in turn is able to profit from adidas' marketing expertise. 
All integration steps follow the overall principle to realize cost synergies,  and to generate mid- and long-term potential for additional growth in sales and profit.  The latter will
focus both on geographical expansion,  especially for Salomon products,  and the introduction of new product lines such as the Salomon winter apparel range. 
Our strengths are complementary.  There are practically no overlaps.  That was the view
prior to the acquisition,  and it remains the view today.  However,  very little of the combined
performance potential of the two companies was realized in 1998.  The sharp decline of the
golf market in the USA,  the world's key market,  prevented the three new brands from providing a higher contribution to our results.  Additionally,  the process of getting to know one
another and defining the roadmap for a successful future together as the adidas-Salomon
group with a portfolio of brands has taken longer than originally anticipated. 
Key decisions were made in the second half of the year.  The majority of these measures have already been implemented.  The remainder will follow swiftly. 

SALOMON WORLDWIDE BEING DISSOLVED Salomon Worldwide,  formerly the headquarters and holding organization of the three brands Salomon,  Taylor Made
and Mavic,  is in the process of being dissolved.  HQ functions have been directly assigned
to the respective board members responsible in Herzogenaurach.  This has meant a reduc
22

adidas-Salomon Integration 
tion of personnel,  a shortening and improvement of reporting lines,  and streamlining of
the entire organization.  The creation of one group headquarter function will be completed
in 1999.  The annualized savings resulting from all these measures are expected to total
DM 10 million. 

INTEGRATION OF SALES ORGANIZATION INITIATED Gradual progress
is being made in the integration of the adidas and Salomon sales subsidiaries.  In Germanythis process was completed at the beginning of 1999.  The Salomon sales organization
formerly based in Munich has been closed down and integrated into the existing adidas
organization in Herzogenaurach.  This will lead to savings on a scale of around DM 3 million
per annum,  as it eliminates rental for expensive office space,  does away with separate
warehousing needs and enables back-office functions to be shared. 
In 1999,  similar steps will follow in other European countries and in the USA. 

OPTIMIZATION OF SOURCING ACTIVITIES AT AN ADVANCED STAGE
 number of measures to optimize the global sourcing structure have been initiated and
implemented.  The aim is to create one sourcing organization for the benefit of all brand
activities. 
Effective January 1st,  1999,  Salomon Far East sourcing activities have been integrated
into the existing adidas organization.  Existing Salomon liaison offices have been closedand the employees integrated into the combined operations.  Further consolidation will
take place in Europe with particular emphasis on the integration of footwear sourcing.  In
addition,  the adidas organization will take responsibility for apparel sourcing across all
brands in order to exploit existing strengths. 
These steps ensure that Salomon brand products will also benefit from the expertise
that adidas,  as the second-largest company in the sporting goods industry,  has built up
in sourcing operations worldwide.  The benefits of more favorable sourcing and simplified
structures are not currently quantifiable,  but they are expected to be in excess of DM 10
million. 

GLOBAL BUSINESS UNITS ESTABLISHED FOR GOLF AND CYCLING
The new Golf and Cycling Business Units combine the respective competencies of Taylor
Made and Mavic in equipment with the expertise of adidas in footwear and apparel. 
Leveraging of existing distribution channels,  sharing of back-office functions and implementation of joint product development activities will help to increase sales and earnings
within both units.  Further opportunities to leverage promotional assets and sponsorship
programs will be exploited. 
As part of the reorganization of the Business Unit Golf,  adidas Golf America has
merged with the Taylor Made golf organization and moved to Carlsbad,  California,  the home
of Taylor Made.  In Europe,  a combined sales and distribution organization specializing in
golf products has been established in the U.K.,  in order to create the basis for better
servicing of the distribution channels. 

adidas-Salomon Integration 
23

COOPERATION IN RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT INTENSIFIED
Close cooperation in the R&D sector enables existing expertise to be exploited.  The Salomon
apparel and outdoor development activities have been linked to the adidas organizationwhile Salomon experts have taken over responsibility for developing adidas cross-country
ski boots,  in order to capitalize on their valuable experience.  Similarly,  the product developers are utilizing the efforts of the research departments of the two brands.  This cooperation also helps to avoid duplication of activities and to give added focus to basic research. 
The products of all brands are set to benefit from the transfer of expertise between the
research functions. 
The benefits of joint research and product development activities are not easily quantifiable.  They can,  however,  be immense if ideas produced in this interchange process
translate into successful products. 

COMMITTED TO SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
Social responsibility is an integral part of our brand values,  and adidas-Salomon has
 tradition of requiring its suppliers to conform to social and environmental standards.  In
1998 further steps were taken to ensure that there are acceptable working conditions in
the factories which supply adidas-Salomon products.  All suppliers are obliged to adhere
to the corporate Standards of Engagement (SOE) confirming the policy on minimum
requirements for labor,  health,  safety and environmental issues.  The SOE is based on the
World Federation of the Sporting Goods Industry model Code of Conduct and states that
adidas-Salomon will not conduct business with suppliers who use forced labor or child
labor and do not comply with the employment laws of the country concerned.  It has been
translated for display in factories into the languages of the countries where products are
sourced. 

24

Social Responsibility 
STANDARDS OF ENGAGEMENT BEING MONITORED To ensure that
suppliers comply with the SOE,  an internal monitoring program was initiated and SOE audits
of suppliers around the world were conducted by regionally located adidas-Salomon personnel.  A majority of suppliers have been evaluated for compliance with the SOE and
action plans developed with individual suppliers to improve conditions.  adidas-Salomon
has teamed up with Business for Social Responsibility,  a non-profit organization which
promotes corporate citizenship,  to train monitors and suppliers' representatives.  With the
assistance of experienced environmental consultants,  a manual on health,  safety and
environmental issues has been developed which will help to make the SOE effective in
practice.  Manuals on labor issues are also being developed. 

SUPPORT FOR CHILD LABOR PROJECTS adidas-Salomon through the World
Federation of the Sporting Goods Industry supports the child labor project in Pakistan
which is succeeding in providing education opportunities for children and thus alternatives
to stitching balls.  A similar project is being developed in India and both involve local sporting goods manufacturers,  the UN's International Labor Organization,  Save the ChildrenUNICEF and local non-governmental organizations. 

ENVIRONMENTAL CERTIFICATION FOR TECHNOLOGY CENTER
An environmental milestone was the independent certification of the adidas-Salomon
Global Technology Center at Scheinfeld in Germany confirming that the Center conforms
with the demanding European Union environmental standards.  An environmental management system is in place,  aiming for continuous improvement in the way the Center
interacts with the environment through recycling,  waste management and sustainable
policies.  Approaches developed at the Center are being used to improve conditions in factories down the supply chain.  An Environmental Statement for 1998 has been published
detailing these activities. 

APPOINTMENT OF GLOBAL DIRECTOR A coordinated and consistent
approach to social and environmental issues across the group has been promoted
through the appointment of a Global Director of Social and Environmental Affairs. 

Social Responsibility 
25

There was an element of prophecy in last year's Annual Report.  The headline on page 20
read: 'Zinedine Zidane aims to lead France to the top of world soccer in 1998".  On the
next page you see 'Zizou" holding the Official Matchball of FIFA World Cup France '98the adidas Equipment Tricolore. 

Zidane lived up to all expectations,  leading 'Les Bleus" to their first victory in World Cup
history.  That is why Zinedine Zidane is once again in our 1998 Annual Report.  This timehe is holding the World Cup trophy in his hands,  instead of the matchball which he twice
put into the net of defending champions Brazil in the final. 

26

In the Sports Arena 
IN THE SPORTS ARENA

adidas AND FRANCE
ON TOP OF
WORLD SOCCER

The Soccer World Cup,  1998's premier event,  and probably the most watched sports
event ever,  provided an outstanding opportunity for adidas to showcase the brand and its
commitment to soccer.  For the first time,  adidas was an Official Sponsor,  Supplier and
Licensee of the tournament.  Six participating teams were outfitted by adidas,  including
the Champions.  This combination ensured an exceptional level of global visibility. 

In the Sports Arena 
27

OLYMPIC WINTER GAMES –
 HUGE SUCCESS
FOR adidas AND SALOMON

As the 1998 Nagano Winter Olympics came to a close,  the 'balance sheet" for adidas
and Salomon showed a total of 70 Olympic medals for the two brands.  Among the heroes
of the Games we find athletes representing both brands.  The most successful female athlete of the Games,  cross-country skier Larissa Lazutina of Russia,  was wearing adidas. 

The most successful male,  Björn Daehlie of Norway,  one of the best cross-country skiers
ever,  with a total of eight Olympic gold medals and 45 world championship titles,  was
endorsing Salomon footwear and equipment.  Each of them took three golds.  All women's
cross-country skiing gold medals were taken by members of the Russian team in adidas
products. 

In alpine skiing,  Jean-Luc Crétier won the downhill,  the discipline which is regarded as
the 'king" of all alpine events.  Tae Satoya of Japan was the surprise winner of the
women's freestyle event.  Both of them were fully outfitted with Salomon equipment. 

'On the other side of the mountain",  adidas dominated both in luge and bobsled.  Nearly
100% of all medal winners were endorsing adidas technical footwear.  Defending Olympic
Champion Georg Hackl of Germany showed the world for the third consecutive time that
when it comes to top-level Olympic competition he can barely be beaten. 

In the Sports Arena 
29

With an unprecedented 25 tour wins in 1998,  the Taylor Made Tour staff had a near-perfect
season,  featuring victories at three majors,  the Masters,  British Open and U.S.  Open,  and
 second place finish at the PGA.  This stellar run almost resulted in a 'major sweep" a
feat that might never be duplicated. 

The player who endorsed Taylor Made's performance on the course best is Mark O'Meara. 
Using Taylor Made's clubs,  O'Meara drove home multiple PGA Tour successes in 1998. 
O'Meara won two of the four majors in 1998 the Masters and British Open.  As a resulthe was selected as the PGA Player of the Year and also received the Jack Nicklaus Award
for PGA Player of the Year. 

Mark O'Meara is expecting to continue his successes in 1999,  using his new Taylor Made
FireSole™ drivers,  irons and putters.  FireSole™ clubs are the most advanced line of clubs
to be introduced by Taylor Made in more than a decade.  O'Meara's input has proven to be
invaluable to Taylor Made researchers who rely on his expertise as they move through the
development processes. 

The new products introduced by Taylor Made in 1999 are designed to improve the game
not only of champions,  but of golfers at all levels. 

30

In the Sports Arena 
PLAYER OF THE YEAR –
MARK O'MEARA WITH TAYLOR MADE

The New York Yankees are far more than just a baseball team and have long been the
symbol of authenticity in America.  Baseball is generally referred to as 'America's pastime". 
That would make the 'Bronx Bombers",  the Yankees nickname over the last 70 yearsbaseball's ambassador to the world. 

At the end of 1997 the Yankees and adidas entered into a long-term cooperation.  The
timing could not have been better.  The Yankees completely dominated the baseball season and closed out the season by winning their second World Series in three years.  It was
also the 25th time that they have been World Champions,  by far the most of any team. 

The relationship between the Yankees and adidas is all about tradition,  authenticity and
performance.  adidas and the Yankees have both drawn on their vast experiences in the
sports world to bring them to the point they are at today: renowned for quality,  professionalism,  performance and style.  They both have applied their knowledge of the past with their
understanding of today to plant the seeds for a successful future. 

THE NEW YORK YANKEES
AND adidas A PARTNERSHIP
BUILT ON AUTHENTICITY

32

In the Sports Arena 
In the Sports Arena 
33

JAN ULLRICH LEADING adidas'
NEW GENERATION OF ATHLETES

adidas' signing of Jan Ullrich signaled a new beginning.  Jan and adidas set out to redefine
cycling shoes and apparel,  as well as the way cycling is marketed.  Jan Ullrich represents
 new generation of young adidas athletes who will dominate tomorrow's sporting scene. 
In 1997 Jan Ullrich won the Tour de France in dominating style.  He was the first German
ever to win cycling's most prestigious race.  At only 25 years of age,  Jan seems destined to
dominate the cycling world well into the next century. 

34

In the Sports Arena 
Last year Jan had to be content with second place in the Tour de France,  despite his
commitment and tremendous will to win.  But this has only served to further increase his
popularity.  His courage and determination have solidified his position as one of Europe's
favorite athletes.  His unquestionable integrity was a sharp contrast to the 1998 Tour de
France doping scandal.  He rose above the scandal and undoubtedly helped save the race. 

For Jan's team,  Team Telekom,  it was a highly successful season,  as several team members,  all endorsing the 3-stripes,  won international road races.  Jan Ullrich is dedicated to
being in top form for the 1999 races and,  whatever the results of the Tour de France may
be,  he has already won the loyalty of fans all over the world. 

In the Sports Arena 
35

SUPERVISORY BOARD AND EXECUTIVE BOARD
SUPERVISORY BOARD

EXECUTIVE BOARD

Henri Filho
Robert Louis-Dreyfus
Paris,  France 
Davos,  Switzerland 
(Chairman)

(Chairman)

Dr.  Hans Friderichs
Christian Tourres
Mainz,  Germany 
Lungern,  Switzerland 
(Deputy Chairman)

(Deputy Chairman)

Georg Beer
Glenn Bennett
Herzogenaurach,  Germany*)

Portland,  USA

until November 30,  1998
Jean-François GautierGerold Brandt
Annecy,  France 
Gräfelfing,  Germany 
from January 19,  1998 until August 3,  1998

David Bromilow
Herbert Hainer
Bangkok,  Thailand 
HerzogenaurachGermany 
Hans-Dieter HippmannScheinfeld,  Germany*)

Dean HawkinsRichmond,  UK

Fritz KammererFürth/Bay.,  Germany*)

Manfred IhleFrankfurt/Main,  Germany 
Peter Nolansince July 1,  1998
Los Angeles,  USA
Peter C.  MooreSerge OkunPortland,  USA
Lungern,  Switzerland
until May 15,  1998
Dr.  Thomas RussellMichel PerraudinSarasota,  USA
Nuremberg,  Germany
Charles Thomas ScottErich StammingerLondon,  UK
Nuremberg,  Germany
Heidi Thaler-VehJan ValdmaaUffenheim,  Germany*)
Münchaurach,  Germany 
*) Employee representatives 
36

Supervisory Board and Executive Board 
adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(INTERNATIONAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS)

37

adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in DM 000)
As of
December 31(Note)

1998

1998

1997

adidas
adidas 
adidas 
Salomon 
(comparable) 1)

(restated) 2)

76358

63574

Cash and cash equivalents 
(24)

101388

Accounts receivable 
(4)

1567883

976891

888256

Inventories 
(5)

1905968

1646211

1606101

Other current assets 
(6)

439334

305140

269448

4014573

Total current assets 
3004600

2827379

Property and equipment,  net 
(7)

496304

359889

274585

Goodwill,  net 
(8)

1315100

212074

223926

Other intangible assets,  net 
(9)

106755

32079

10884

Deferred tax assets 
(22)

219793

132769

54750

Other non-current assets 
(10)

117278

1046021

957486

Total non-current assets 
2255230

1782832

1521631

Total assets 
6269803

4787432

4349010

2855757

1623284

1524825

Accounts payable 
731829

617259

685307

Income taxes 
187458

187277

133336

Short-term bank borrowings 
(11)

Accrued liabilities and provisions 
(12)

687561

410167

340943

Other current liabilities 
(13)

192841

107413

122016

4655446

2945400

2806427

Total current liabilities
Long-term bank borrowings 
(11)

484467





Pensions and similar obligations 
(14)

107126

88490

77200
10341

Deferred tax liabilities 
(22)

5154

3876

Other non-current liabilities 
(15)

36601

5043

8614

633348

97409

96155

Total non-current liabilities
Minority interests
Shareholders' equity 
75052
(16)

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
55782

45027

905957

1688841

1401401

6269803

4787432

4349010

1)

includes only adidas group without the direct and indirect effects of the Salomon acquisition 
2)

1997 comparatives are restated due to the application of IAS 12 (revised 1996) 'Income Taxes' and to improve comparability 
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
38

Consolidated Financial Statements 
adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS
(in DM 000)
Year ended
December 31(Note)

1998

1998

1997

adidas
adidas 
adidas 
Salomon 
(comparable) 1)

(restated) 2)

9907118

8440810

6698277

Cost of sales 
5753198

4884557

3888717

Gross profit 
4153920

3556253

2809560

Selling,  general and administrative expenses 
3235652

2711257

2128286

181406

92918

80242

736862

752078

601032

87419

86707

85279

Net sales 
Depreciation and amortization 
(23)

(7–9)

Income from operations
Royalty and commission income
Financial result 
(21)

(224278)

(118079)

(31020)

Extraordinary income 
(27)

23742

23742

21690

623745

744448

676981

205573

208343

185858

Net income before minority interests 
418172

536105

491123

Minority interests 
(17318)

(18087)

(28109)

Net income before special effect 
400854

518018

463014

(722600)





(321746)

518018

463014

(709)

1142

1021

884

1142

1021

Income before taxes
Income taxes 
Acquired in-process research and development expensed 
(22)

(2)

Net income/(loss)

Net income/(loss) per ordinary share (in DM)
Net income before special effect per ordinary share (in DM)
1)

includes only adidas group without the direct and indirect effects of the Salomon acquisition 
2)

1997 comparatives are restated due to the application of IAS 12 (revised 1996) 'Income Taxes' and to improve comparability 
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
39

adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in DM 000)
Year ended
December 311998

1998

1997

adidas
Operating activities:
Income before taxes and minority interests
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortization
Unrealized foreign exchange gains/losses,  net
Interest income
Interest expense
Gains/losses on sales of property and equipment,  net
Operating profit before working capital changes
Increase in receivables and other current assets
Increase in inventories
Decrease/increase in accounts payable and other current liabilities
Cash provided by operations
Interest paid
Income taxes paid
Net cash provided by operating activities
Investing activities:
Purchase of goodwill and other intangible assets
Purchase of property and equipment
Proceeds from sale of property and equipment
Acquisition of Salomon net of cash acquired
Acquisition of GEV KG and GmbH net of cash acquired
Increase in investments and other long-term assets
Interest received
Net cash used in investing activities
Financing activities:
Increase/decrease in long-term bank borrowings,  net
Dividends of adidas-Salomon AG
Dividends to minority shareholders
Capital contributions by minority shareholders
Increase in short-term bank borrowings,  net
Net cash provided by financing activities
Effect of exchange rates on cash
Net increase/decrease in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
adidas 
adidas 
Salomon 
(comparable) 1)

(restated) 2)

623745

744448

676981

222220
(6143)
(12366)
177307
(6159)
998604
(202926)
(83286)
(78604)
633788
(169707)
(229604)
234477

104030
(3772)
(17041)
78410
163
906238
(195371)
(126676)
11893
596084
(77151)
(242298)
276635

81508
6532
(14324)
47663
(222)
798138
(327182)
(465953)
256937
261940
(45825)
(138252)
77863

(46212)
(189785)
27977
(1247692)
(38737)
(46613)
12366
(1528696)

(39565)
(125457)
6652

(38737)
(111492)
17041
(291558)

(58038)
(90768)
5762
(941976)

(1282)
14324
(1071978)

471268
(74826)
(10886)
1697
945593
1332846


(74826)
(10673)
1697
112002
28200

(4952)
(49884)
(12502)

1051160
983822

(813)
37814
63574
101388

(493)
12784
63574
76358

(10109)
(20402)
83976
63574

1)

includes only adidas group without the direct and indirect effects of the Salomon acquisition 
2)

1997 comparatives are restated due to the application of IAS 12 (revised 1996) 'Income Taxes' and to improve comparability 
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
40

Consolidated Financial Statements 
adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

adidas-Salomon AG,  a listed German stock corporation,  and its subsidiaries designdevelop,  produce and market a broad range of athletic and active lifestyle products under
the following brand names:
adidas branded products include footwear,  apparel and hardware,  such as bags
and balls.  The products are designed and developed by adidas and are almost
exclusively manufactured by subcontractors on behalf of adidas. 
SALOMON branded products include ski equipment (skis,  boots and bindings) and
are designed and manufactured in France and Italy.  In recent years the business was
expanded into summer activities such as hiking boots and in-line skates. 
TAYLOR MADE develops and assembles or manufactures high-quality golf clubs
and golf equipment. 
MAVIC products include rims and wheels for mountain bikes and road racing. 
Other trademarks are erima and BONFIRE,  under which apparel is marketed. 
The Company's headquarters are located in Herzogenaurach,  Federal Republic
of Germany. 

1.  GENERAL

The accompanying consolidated financial statements of adidas-Salomon AG and its
subsidiaries (collectively the 'Company") are prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted by the International Accounting Standards Committee
('International Accounting Standards" 'IAS").  The Company applied all International
Accounting Standards effective as of December 31,  1998. 

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS:
Several new International Accounting Standards were issued and existing International
Accounting Standards were revised,  which are required to be adopted in 1999 and 2000. 
The Company is currently analyzing the impacts of these standards and does not expect
any standard to have a material impact on the Company's financial position,  results of
operations or cash flows and its reporting thereon. 

GERMAN STATUTORY REPORTING:
Due to the exemption in § 292a of the German Commercial Code (HGB),  which was
introduced in 1998,  the Company does not prepare consolidated financial statements
under accounting principles generally accepted in Germany (German GAAP). 

COMPARABLE INFORMATION/PRO FORMA INFORMATION:
The companies of the Salomon group were consolidated as of January 1,  1998.  For
comparative purposes pro forma financial information excluding direct and indirect effects
of the acquisition of the Salomon group is presented in the column adidas (comparable)

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
41

for 1998.  For this purpose assets,  liabilities,  income and expenses arising from the acquisition or relating to the Salomon group have been eliminated in the comparable financial
statements of the adidas group.  Comparatives for 1997 for the Salomon group are not
available,  since the group had a March 31 year-end and did not prepare interim consolidated financial statements on a quarterly basis. 

2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with the consolidation,  accounting and valuation principles described below.  As compared to the previous
year,  these principles have been applied consistently in all material respects except for the
following:
As of January 1,  1998 the Company adopted IAS 12 (revised 1996) retrospectively. 
Due to the comprehensive temporary concept and less stringent criteria for the
recognition of deferred tax assets arising from tax loss carryforwards the Company
recognized DM 533 million and DM 551 million of deferred tax assets as of December 31,  1997 and 1996 respectively.  There was no significant effect on tax expense
in 1997.  The amount as of December 31,  1996 was recognized as a cumulative equity
adjustment.  Minority share in profit changed by DM 19 million in 1997.  Minority
interest in the Company changed by DM 37 million to DM 450 million as of December 31,  1997. 
In the course of 1998,  the Company changed its accounting policy for prepaid interestrate cap premiums.  Until 1997,  the Company recorded such caps at their fair valuewith the recognition of changes in the fair value in current income.  The Company
believes that it is more appropriate,  from the viewpoint of a matching between costs
and benefits and given the non-trading nature of the caps,  to amortize the cap premiums over the lifetime of the caps.  The resulting adjustment (income of DM 112
million) is included in the determination of the net profit for the year ending December 31,  1998.  If the Company's 1997 accounting treatment for interest caps had
been continued in 1998,  the Company would have accounted for additional interest
expenses in an amount of DM 130 million. 
Certain items previously reported in specific financial statement captions have been
reclassified to conform with the 1998 classification. 

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION:
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of adidas-Salomon AG
and its significant direct and indirect subsidiaries.  A company is a subsidiary,  if the Company controls directly or indirectly the financial and operating policies of the respective
enterprise. 
The number of consolidated companies evolved during the year as follows:
December 31,  1997

70

Consolidation of the Salomon group 
20

Newly founded/consolidated subsidiaries 
10

Purchased companies 


Merged companies 
42

(4)

December 31,  1998

98

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
The companies of the Salomon group were consolidated as of January 1,  1998,  the
date at which effective control transferred to adidas-Salomon AG. 
Eight subsidiaries have not been included in the consolidated financial statements
in 1997 and 1998,  since they have no or little active business and are insignificant to the
financial position.  The shares in these companies are accounted for at the lower-of-cost
or net realizable value. 
 schedule of the shareholdings of adidas-Salomon AG is shown in attachment I to
these notes. 
Consolidation of equity is made in compliance with the book value method by offsetting the initial investments in subsidiaries against the relevant equity portion at fair value
held by the parent company as at acquisition date. 
All significant intercompany transactions and accounts are eliminated in consolidation. 

CURRENCY TRANSLATION:
Assets and liabilities of the Company's non-Deutsche-Mark functional currency subsidiaries are translated into Deutsche Mark at closing exchange rates at the balance sheet
date.  Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates for the year. 
All cumulative differences from the translation of equity of foreign subsidiaries resulting
from changes in exchange rates are included in shareholders' equity without affecting
income. 
 summary of exchange rates used to translate the financial statements of the Company's subsidiaries to Deutsche Mark for major currencies in which the Company operates
is as follows:
Average rate for the year 
Spot rate 
ended December 31
at December 31
1998
 USD

1997

1998

1997

17591

17334

16739

17921

298273

297084

298033

298830

 GBP

29155

28399

27753

29820

100 ESP

11780

11843

11738

11814

1000 ITL

10132

10170

1010

10177

100 AUD

1104121

1288271

1026940

1174000

100 KRW

01279

01824

01392

01090

100 RUR*

222240

00300

77675

00298

13423

–

14716

–

100 FRF

100 JPY

* in Russia three currency-digits were eliminated in 1998
In the individual financial statements of group companies monetary items denominated
in a foreign currency are measured at closing exchange rates at the balance sheet date. 
Resulting currency gains and losses are recorded immediately in income. 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS:
Cash and cash equivalents represent cash and short-term,  highly liquid investments
with maturities of three months and less. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
43

RECEIVABLES:
Receivables are stated at nominal amounts less allowances for bad debt.  These
allowances are determined on the basis of individual risk assessment and the past
experience of losses. 

INVENTORIES:
Merchandise and finished goods are valued at the lower-of-cost or net realizable
value.  Costs are determined using a standard valuation method which approximates the
first-in,  first-out method or the average cost method.  Costs include raw materials,  direct
labor and manufacturing overheads.  The lower-of-cost or net realizable value allowances
are computed consistently throughout the Company based on the age and expected
future sales of the items on hand. 

GOODWILL AND IDENTIFIABLE INTANGIBLE ASSETS:
Acquired goodwill and intangible assets are valued at cost less accumulated amortization. 
Goodwill is the excess of the purchase cost over the fair value of the identifiable
assets and liabilities acquired. 
Amortization is calculated on a straight-line basis with the following useful lives:
Years
Goodwill 
5–20

Patents,  trademarks and concessions 
5–10

Software 
3–5

Expenditures for internally generated intangible assets are expensed as incurred. 

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT:
Research costs are expensed as incurred.  Development costs are also expensed as
incurred and are not capitalized due to the short product life cycle of sporting goods. 
The Company spent approximately DM 127 million (including the Salomon group)
and DM 49 million on product research and development for the years ended December
31,  1998 and 1997,  respectively. 
The value of acquired in-process research and development,  i, e.  products and
processes which had not reached technological and commercial feasibility at the date
of the acquisition of the Salomon group,  was assessed by independent experts.  Since
there is no basic difference between costs from own research and development projects
and costs related to acquired research and development projects the total amount of
DM 723 million has been charged directly to income. 

44

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT:
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.  Depreciation is computed on a declining balance or straight-line basis on useful lives as follows:
Years
Buildings 
10–50

Leasehold improvements 
5–20

Equipment,  machinery and furniture and fittings 
2–10

Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 
Significant renewals and improvements are capitalized. 

IMPAIRMENT:
In the event that facts and circumstances indicate that the cost of long-lived assets
may be impaired,  an evaluation of recoverability would be performed.  An exceptional writedown would be made if the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount. 

LEASING:
If under a lease agreement substantially all risks and rewards associated with an asset
are transferred to the Company,  the asset and a corresponding liability is recognized in
the amount of the fair value of the asset or the lower net present value of the minimum
lease payments. 

LIABILITIES AND PROVISIONS:
Liabilities and provisions are carried at the expected settlement amount.  Provisions
are recognized,  if it is probable that a loss is incurred. 

PENSIONS AND SIMILAR OBLIGATIONS:
Provisions for pensions are determined using the 'projected unit credit method" in
accordance with IAS 19. 

RECOGNITION OF REVENUES:
Revenues are recognized when title passes based on the terms of the sale.  Sales are
recorded net of returns,  discounts,  allowances and sales taxes. 

ADVERTISING AND PROMOTIONAL EXPENDITURES:
Production costs for media campaigns are shown under prepaid expenses until the
advertising takes place for the first time,  after which they will be expensed in full.  Significant media buying costs (e.g.  broadcasting fees) are expensed over the original duration
of the campaign on a straight-line basis. 
Promotional expenses,  including one-time upfront payments for promotional contractsare generally expensed pro rata over the term of the agreement. 

INTEREST:
Interest is recognized as an expense as incurred. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
45

INCOME TAXES:
Current income taxes are computed in accordance with the rules for taxation established in the countries in which the Company operates. 
The Company computes deferred taxes for all temporary differences between the
carrying amount and the tax basis of its assets and liabilities and tax loss carryforwards. 
Deferred tax assets arising from deductible differences and tax loss carryforwards
which exceed taxable differences are only recognized to the extent that it is probable
that the company concerned will generate sufficient taxable income in order to realize
the associated benefit. 

EARNINGS PER SHARE:
Earnings per share are calculated in accordance with IAS 33.  The Company does
not have any securities or other contracts outstanding which might result in a dilution
of earnings per share. 

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:
Exchange gains and losses on outstanding forward currency contracts and currency
options which hedge anticipated future transactions are deferred and recognized in income
when the underlying transaction takes place whereas exchange gains and losses on
forward contracts and currency options which are discontinued or no longer serve as a
hedge for an anticipated future transaction are charged to current income as incurred. 
Interest-rate cap premiums are amortized over the lifetime of the caps.  Amortized
cap premiums are included in interest expenses,  as part of the financial result. 

USE OF ESTIMATES:
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IAS requires management
to make assumptions and estimates that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. 
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

3.  ACQUISITIONS/
FOUNDING OF
SUBSIDIARIES

Effective October 1,  1997 adidas assumed full ownership over its former joint venture
adidas Benelux,  Netherlands and its fully-owned subsidiary adidas Belgium through the
acquisition of the remaining interest.  The purchase price totaled DM 65 million.  The purchase costs in excess of the proportionate shares of the acquired net assets of DM 55
million were allocated to goodwill. 
Effective December 22,  1997 the Company acquired 100% of the former Salomon
family holding company,  Sport Développement S. C. A.  (now adidas Salomon France S. A. )
which owned 3887% of the shares and 5612% of the voting rights of Salomon S. A. Annecy (France).  The aggregate purchase price for these shares was DM 942 million
and was accounted for at cost under investments in 1997 (see note 10). 
After the closing of the purchase of the family holding company,  and with the approval
of the French authorities,  adidas Salomon France S. A.  launched in January 1998 a
simplified public tender offer for all outstanding shares of Salomon S. A.,  a publicly traded
company admitted to the official market of the Paris Stock Exchange.  The offer price of
FRF 52150 in the tender offer was the same as the implied price per Salomon share paid
to the shareholders of the family holding company.  After the closing of this tender offer
in February 1998 the Company had acquired over 95% of the shares of Salomon S. A. 

46

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Thereafter,  a 'going private" offer was launched followed by a mandatory repurchase of
all remaining outstanding shares.  Consequently,  the Salomon shares were delisted from
the Stock Exchange in Paris. 
The aggregate acquisition cost for the Salomon group was DM 2364 million.  The
excess over the proportionate share of the acquired net assets was allocated as follows:
(in DM 000)
Tangible assets 
5065

Identifiable intangible assets 
79489

Acquired in-process research and development 
722600

Goodwill 
1136002

Deferred tax assets 
51595

Accrued liabilities and provisions 
(205000)
1789751

The goodwill is amortized over a period of twenty years. 
The accrued liabilities and provisions include primarily provisions for restructuring. 
In connection with the acquisition of the Salomon group the Company has implemented
 restructuring plan,  which focuses on the integration of the Salomon group into the adidas
structure.  The plan,  which includes further key integration activities in 1999,  will be substantially completed by the year 2001. 
Effective April 1,  1998 the Company acquired a 90% interest in GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft mbH & Co.  KG,  a property investment company,  which owns the property of
the new headquarters of the Company in Herzogenaurach. 
adidas Japan K. K.,  a wholly-owned subsidiary,  was founded on February 19,  1998. 
In the first quarter of 1999 this company will take over the distribution of adidas branded
products from the former independent distributor and licensee. 
adidas International Trading B. V.,  Netherlands,  a wholly-owned subsidiary,  was founded
on September 7,  1998.  This company becomes operative effective January 1,  1999 and
will be responsible for European inventory management and global sourcing activities
through its subsidiary adidas Asia/Pacific Ltd.,  Hong Kong. 
adidas Turkey A. S.,  a joint venture with the former distributor and licensee in Turkeywas founded on November 3,  1998.  Beginning January 1,  1999,  this joint venture will
start its operations. 

4.  ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

December 311998
adidas(in DM 000)
Accounts receivable,  gross
less: allowance for doubtful accounts
Accounts receivable,  net 
1998

1997

adidas 
adidas 
Salomon (comparable)

(restated)

1709617

1089941

960349

141734

113050

72093

1567883

976891

888256

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
47

5.  INVENTORIES

Inventories by major classification are as follows:
December 311998

Finished goods and merchandise 
1997

adidas 
adidas 
Salomon (comparable)

(in DM 000)

1998

adidas
(restated)

2059073

1818631

Work-in-process 
10730

4572

3656

Raw materials 
63244

11021

11123

2133047

1834224

1765203

227079

188013

159102

1905968

1646211

1606101

Inventories,  gross
less: provisions
Inventories,  net 
6.  OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

1750424

Other current assets consist of the following:
December 311998

1998

1997

adidas
adidas 
adidas 
(in DM 000)

Salomon (comparable)

(restated)

Prepaid expenses current 
207957

141280

104901

Taxes receivable 
123450

85897

63548

Security deposits 
16682

16682

8909

1933

958

5133

Premiums for derivative financial instruments 
39636

25679

29600

Sundry 
54569

38001

59930

444227

308497

272021

4893

3357

2573

439334

305140

269448

Receivables from unconsolidated affiliates 
Other current assets gross
less: provisions
Other current assets 
Prepaid expenses relate mainly to promotion agreements. 

7.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property and equipment consist of the following:
December 311998

1998

1997

adidas
adidas 
adidas 
(in DM 000)

Salomon (comparable)

(restated)

Land,  land rights and buildings 
346912

286687

241312

Technical equipment and machinery 
163878

72109

67598

Other equipment,  furniture and fittings 
362038

333599

285575

872828

692395

594485

less: accumulated depreciation 
408977

364959

325540

463851

327436

268945

Advanced payments and construction
in progress,  net
Property and equipment,  net 
48

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
32453

32453

5640

496304

359889

274585

8.  GOODWILL

Goodwill primarily relates to the Company's acquisitions of the Salomon group and
the subsidiaries in the United States,  Australia/New Zealand and Netherlands/Belgium
(see also note 3). 
Goodwill amortization expense is DM 78 million (adidas-Salomon group),  DM 19
million (adidas comparable),  and DM 17 million for the years ended December 31,  1998
and 1997,  respectively. 

9.  OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Other intangible assets consist of the following:
December 311998
adidas(in DM 000)

1998

1997

adidas 
adidas 
Salomon (comparable)

(restated)

Software,  patents,  trademarks and
concessions,  gross 
Advanced payments,  net
Other intangible assets,  net 
156451

65993

39137

54177

38395

29128

102274

Less: accumulated amortization 
27598

10009

4481

4481

875

106755

32079

10884

Intangible asset amortization expense is DM 23 million (adidas-Salomon group)DM 8 million (adidas comparable),  and DM 4 million for the years ended December 311998 and 1997,  respectively. 

10.  OTHER NON-CURRENT
ASSETS

Other non-current assets consist of the following:
December 311998
(in DM 000)

1998

1997

adidas
adidas 
adidas 
Salomon (comparable)

(restated)

Investments,  net 
5541

934284

943819

Cash deposits 
2974

2974

6820

other non-current assets 
108763

108763

6847

Other non-current assets 
117278

1046021

957486

Prepaid expenses and 
Investments primarily relate to the shares in adidas Salomon France S. A.  (see note 3). 
These shares are accounted for at cost in the year 1997 and the comparable statement
for 1998. 
Cash deposits with maturities exceeding 12 months refer to adidas Korea. 
Prepaid expenses and other non-current assets mainly include prepayments for longterm promotional contracts. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
49

11.  BANK BORROWINGS
AND CREDIT LINES

Short-term borrowings consist of bank borrowings and discounted trade bills,  typically
with maturities of less than 12 months. 
As of December 31,  1998,  principal borrowings were in currencies participating in
the EURO (541%) and USD (363%). 
Month-end weighted average interest rates on borrowings in all currencies ranged
from 45% to 52% and from 48% to 56% for the years ended December 31,  1998 and
1997,  respectively. 
As of December 31,  1998 the Company had credit lines in a total amount of DM 70
billion outstanding; unused credit lines amounted to approximately DM 37 billion. 
In addition,  the Company had separate lines for the issuance of letters of credit in an
amount of approximately DM 12 billion. 
The amounts disclosed as long-term bank borrowings represent outstanding borrowings under the following arrangements:
(in DM million)

Maturity 
Private placement of adidas Salomon France S. A, guaranteed by adidas-Salomon AG

156

November 2003 to 
328

January 2001 to 
November 2004
Committed medium-term lines of Salomon S. A. 

March 2002
484
As to the protection against interest rate risks,  refer to note 18 below. 

12.  ACCRUED LIABILITIES
AND PROVISIONS

Accrued liabilities and provisions consist of the following:
December 311998

1998

adidas
1997

adidas 
adidas 
(in DM 000)

Salomon (comparable)

(restated)

Restructuring 
167324

13542

21038

Marketing 
96943

89719

80640

Payroll,  commissions and employee benefits 
97966

78466

80507

Outstanding invoices
Returns,  allowances,  warranty
Taxes,  other than income taxes 
111605

76156

57719

66950

47610

43016

4723

4723

5555

Other 
142050

99951

52468

Accrued liabilities and provisions 
687561

410167

340943

Restructuring provisions mainly relate to the integration of the Salomon group (see
note 3).  Provisions for marketing mainly consist of provisions for distribution,  such as
discounts,  rebates and sales commissions,  and promotion.  Other accrued liabilities and
provisions include items not otherwise allocated,  including anticipated losses from purchase
and other transactions and contingent losses from pending lawsuits. 

50

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
13.  OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

Other current liabilities consist of the following:
December 311998

1997

adidas 
adidas 
Salomon (comparable)

(in DM 000)

1998

adidas
(restated)

Liabilities due to personnel 
30243

15298

15824

Sundry tax liabilities 
38690

18355

37966

Liabilities due to social security 
16191

14377

13547

Interest liabilities 
9820

3479

2220

Deferred income 
2587

180

233

95310

55724

52226

192841

107413

122016

Sundry
Other current liabilities 
14.  PENSIONS AND SIMILAR
OBLIGATIONS

The Company sponsors and/or contributes to various pension plans,  primarily in Germany.  The Company's plans include both defined contribution plans and defined benefit
plans as described below. 
The plans of adidas-Salomon AG cover substantially all German employees. 
The aggregate amounts vested in Germany under defined contribution plans were
DM 38 million and DM 33 million as of December 31,  1998 and 1997,  respectively. 
The Company sponsors and contributes to a defined benefit plan in Germany.  The
employee benefits of this plan are based on years of service.  Pension costs are funded
currently,  subject to German regulatory funding limitations.  The pension accruals of
adidas-Salomon AG were calculated actuarially using the projected unit credit method
in accordance with International Accounting Standards.  Measurement of the projected
benefit obligation was based on a discount rate of 625% in 1998 and 7% in 1997,  respectively,  and an expected compensation growth rate between 2% and 3%.  Additionallythe Company sponsors and contributes to a defined benefit plan in Germany for certain
employees.  The Company's contributions to the plan are determined annually and are
allocated to an employee based on years of service and the employee's compensation. 
Additionally,  the Company borrowed approximately DM 21 million and DM 17 million
as of December 31,  1998 and 1997,  respectively,  from its pension trust fund in Germanywhich are also included in pensions and similar obligations. 
The actuarial valuations of the plans described above are made at the end of each
reporting period.  The actuarial valuations of the plans are dated December 9,  1998December 22,  1998 and January 11,  1999. 
Salomon S. A.  sponsors and contributes to a defined benefit plan,  which covers all
employees.  Besides the French mandatory pension plan an additional retirement plan
is funded.  The additional retirement plan was revised retrospectively with effect from
January 1,  1998.  As a result of this curtailment the provision was released by DM 19 million. 
Measurement of the projected benefit obligation was based on a discount rate of 55% in
1998 and an expected compensation growth rate between 25% and 35%.  The actuarial
valuation of the plans is dated October 6,  1998. 
Pension expense totaled DM 26 million (adidas-Salomon group),  DM 25 million
(adidas comparable),  and DM 28 million for the years ended December 31,  1998 and
1997,  respectively. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
51

15.  OTHER NON-CURRENT
LIABILITIES

Other non-current liabilities include mainly obligations under finance leases.  Liabilities
falling due after more than 5 years totaled DM 21 million (adidas-Salomon group) and
DM 0 million as of December 31,  1998 and 1997,  respectively. 

16.  SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

By resolution of a meeting of the shareholders on October 20,  1995,  the shareholders
of the Company approved the adoption of new Articles of Association for adidas AG.  Such
new Articles of Association had the effect of reducing the existing par value of common
shares from DM 50 to DM 5 per share and increasing the authorized and issued share
capital and common shares from DM 147800000 to DM 226746000 and 2956000
shares to 45349200 shares,  respectively.  In addition,  the Articles of Association authorized
the Board of Directors through September 1,  2000 to increase the nominal value of the
share capital,  subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board,  by a maximum amount of:
a) DM 83700000 for cash consideration with the right of existing shareholders to
subscribe for the shares;
b) DM 22600000 for cash consideration which,  with the consent of the Supervisory
Board,  shareholders can be excluded from the subscription of shares; and
c) DM 7000000 for cash consideration or contribution-in-kind for the purpose of
granting the right to subscribe shares to key management. 
At the Shareholders' Meeting on May 28,  1997 the shareholders resolved the following
change of the Articles of Association with regard to the capital:
The authorization of the Executive Board,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to
increase the stock capital by a maximum amount of DM 7000000 against contributions in cash or in kind for the purpose of granting shares to employees and to
members of the Executive Board of adidas AG and of its affiliates,  is cancelled and
amended to read as follows:
'The Executive Board shall be entitled for the duration of two years from the date
of the registration of § 4 para.  4 of the Articles of Association with the Commercial
Register,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  to increase the stock capital by
issuing new shares against contributions in cash or in kind once or several times
by no more than DM 7000000 altogether.  The Executive Board may,  subject to
Supervisory Board approval,  exclude the preemptive rights of the shareholders. "
The Executive Board of adidas AG stated that,  for the next two years,  it shall refrain
from utilizing DM 7000000 of its authorization,  namely to increase the stock capital
until September 1,  2000,  subject to Supervisory Board approval,  by issuing new
shares against contribution in cash once or several times,  by an aggregate amount
of DM 22600000. 
Due to pending action of rescission,  the amendment of the Articles of Association
has not yet been registered in the Commercial Register and therefore has not yet become
effective. 

52

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
The following is a summary of the consolidated statement of shareholders' equity for the years ended December 31,  1998,  1997 and 1996:
Retained earnings
(including
foreign currency
Share 
surplus 
adjustments) 1)

Total 
226746

14781

335059

576586

–

–

84

84

–

Balance at January 1,  1996

translation 
capital 
(in DM 000)

Capital 
–

314069

314069

Net effect on equity of changes in companies
included in consolidation
Net income
Dividend payment 
–

–

(11338)

(11338)

Other net,  primarily translation adjustments 
–

–

24927

24927

–

–

51440

51440

226746

14781

714241

955768

–

–

42

42

–

–

463014

463014
(49884)

Cumulative equity adjustment due to the application of IAS 12
(revised 1996)
Balance at December 31,  1996
Net effect on equity of changes in companies
included in consolidation
Net income
Dividend payment 
–

–

(49884)

Other net,  primarily translation adjustments 
–

–

32461

32461

226746

14781

1159874

1401401

Balance at December 31,  1997
Net effect on equity of changes in companies
included in consolidation 
–

–

(219)

(219)

–

Net income 
–

(321746)

(321746)

Dividend payment 
–

–

(74826)

(74826)

Other net,  primarily translation adjustments 
–

–

(98653)

(98653)

226746

14781

664430

905957

Balance at December 31,  1998
1)

amounts related to foreign currency translation adjustments are included in retained earnings as it is not practicable to determine the
cumulative effects of these adjustments
At the annual general meeting of the Company held on May 7,  1998,  the Company's
shareholders approved the distribution of a dividend of DM 165 per share. 
Earnings available for dividend distributions are determined by reference to the
retained earnings of adidas-Salomon AG calculated under German commercial law. 
The Board of Directors will recommend to the annual general meeting that the
unappropriated earnings of adidas-Salomon AG at December 31,  1998 should be appropriated as follows:
(in DM 000)
Dividend of DM 165 per ordinary share 
74826

Allocation to revenue reserves 
521477

Unappropriated earnings of adidas-Salomon AG
as of December 31,  1998

596303

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
53

17.  LEASING ARRANGEMENTS

The Company leases offices,  warehouses and equipment under leases expiring from
one to eight years.  Rent expense aggregated DM 125 million (including the Salomon
group),  DM 102 million (adidas comparable) and DM 80 million for the years ended
December 31,  1998 and 1997,  respectively.  Amounts of future minimum lease payments
under significant non-cancelable operating leases for the succeeding five years 1999
through 2003 are approximately DM 92 million,  DM 64 million,  DM 44 million,  DM 25
million and DM 17 million,  respectively.  Amounts of future minimum lease payments after
2003 are approximately DM 36 million. 
Additionally,  the Company conducts a portion of its operations from leased facilities
in France which are classified as a capital lease. 
Salomon S. A.  maintains several premises for administration,  warehousing,  research
and development as well as production in leased facilities in France.  The value of these
capital leases with a duration between 15 and 18 years,  through 2008,  net of accumulated
depreciation of approximately DM 31 million,  is included in land and buildings.  The future
lease payments of DM 2 million and DM 20 million are presented under other current and
non-current liabilities,  respectively. 
adidas Sarragan France S. A.  leased a building for administration for fifteen years
expiring in 2004.  The value of this capital lease,  net of accumulated depreciation of
approximately DM 4 million at December 31,  1998 and 1997,  respectively,  is included in
land and buildings.  The future lease payments under this capital lease,  which are payable
through the year 2004,  amounted to approximately DM 2 million at December 31,  1998. 

18.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The Company uses derivative financial instruments to reduce exposure to market
risks resulting from fluctuations in currency exchange and interest rates.  The Company
does not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 

MANAGEMENT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK:
Currency management policies of the Group are established by a Treasury Committee which is composed of members of the Company's senior management.  Currency risk
is generally managed from the Company's headquarters at Herzogenaurach,  Germany. 
The Company is subject to currency exposure,  primarily due to an imbalance of its
global cash flows caused by the high share of product sourcing from suppliers in the Far
East,  which invoice in USD,  and the majority of sales being invoiced in European currencies.  Compared to prior years,  the currency exposure of the Company is more balanceddue to the increased share of the Company's business in the U.S.  and the high share of
European sourcing and production in the Salomon group. 
It is the Company's policy to hedge identified currency risks due to future operations
when it becomes exposed.  Typically,  this is at the time at which the Company commits
itself with regard to selling prices for a future season. 
The Company uses forward contracts,  primarily for the shorter maturities,  and currency options for the management of its currency risks. 
To limit the premium payments for currency options,  the Company,  in its hedging via
options,  purchased USD call options in combination with a knock-out feature and the sale
of USD put options,  both with lower strike rates.  In the case of a sharp decline of the
USD,  which is beneficial for the Company,  due to its reliance on product purchases which
are invoiced in USD,  the call option disappears on a decline of the USD below the strike 
54

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
rate of the knock-out,  but the Company would still have the obligation to buy the USD
at the low strike rate of the sold USD put option.  To re-establish the hedge at the new
lower strike rate,  the USD call options would be replaced with a lower strike rate,  whereas the put options would be repurchased or reset to lower strike rates.  Due to the sharp
decline of the USD,  primarily in the third and fourth quarter of 1998,  USD call options
were knocked out and USD put options were reset or repurchased in the course of 1998. 
Since 1998,  the Company charges premiums regarding discontinued currency options
to financial expenses.  Until 1997,  they had been charged to cost of goods sold.  The amount
of such charges was DM 617 million in 1998 and DM 254 million in 1997.  The offsetting
benefit is the renewal of the knocked-out hedges at the new,  more favorable strike rateswhich,  however,  will only be realized at maturity of the option. 
In the course of the fourth quarter of 1998,  the Company discontinued the purchase
of USD call options in combination with knock-outs and the sale of put options.  All outstanding puts were repurchased,  whereas most of the knock-outs were eliminated.  The
effect of such activities was a gain of DM 37 million.  Since the fourth quarter new hedges
with options have been arranged without knock-outs and without combination with a sale
of USD put options. 
In 1998,  the Company incurred currency option premiums in a total amount of
DM 892 million.  The total amount of option premiums,  which was charged to income
in 1998,  was DM 897 million.  Thereof DM 528 million refer to options with original
expiry dates in 1999.  Option premiums in an amount of DM 253 million and DM 197
million were deferred at December 31,  1998 and 1997,  respectively. 
Virtually the whole amount of DM 128 billion of the currency hedges outstanding on
December 31,  1998,  was for the purchase of USD.  Of these,  DM 104 billion were hedges
with currency options.  The total amount of USD purchases against other currencies was
13 billion in 1998. 
December 31(in DM million)

December 31
1998

1997

Notional amount
Forward contracts 
238

295

1041

1416

1279

Currency options 
1711

Fair value
Forward contracts 
(102)

97

Currency options 
258

643

156

740

Book value
Forward contracts 
(19)

Currency options 
253

197



234

197

The book value of the currency options represents capitalized premiums paid. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
55

MANAGEMENT OF INTEREST RATE RISKS:
The Company is taking advantage of lower short-term interest rates of most leading
currencies,  but it has limited its exposure with regard to possible future interest rate
increases with interest-rate cap spreads for a basket of currencies in a structure which
approximates the currency composition of its world-wide borrowings.  These contracts
protect the Company's borrowings in a notional amount of DM 20 billion against a rise
of the weighted average interest rate above 55%.  Out of this amount,  the protection ends
for DM 14 billion at a weighted average rate of 84%. 
As of December 31,  1998,  the remaining life of these caps ranges from 15 to 55
years,  with a weighted average of 32 years. 
December 31(in DM million)

December 31
1998

1997

Interest-rate caps
Notional amount 
2000

1700

Fair value 
16

98

Book value 
144

98

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:
The carrying amount of cash,  cash equivalents and borrowings approximates fair value
due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.  The fair value of forward exchange
contracts and currency options was determined on the basis of the market conditions
on the reporting date.  The fair value of the interest rate caps on the reporting date was
assessed by the financial institutions through which these caps had been arranged. 

CREDIT RISK:
The Company arranges its currency and interest-rate hedges,  and it invests its cashwith major banks of a high credit standing throughout the world,  and in high-quality
money-market instruments. 

19.  COST OF MATERIALS

The total costs of materials are DM 5637 million (adidas-Salomon group),  DM 4877
million (adidas comparable) and DM 3874 million for the years ending December 31,  1998
and 1997,  respectively. 

56

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
20.  PERSONNEL EXPENSES

The breakdown of personnel expenses is as follows:
Year ended December 311998

1998

1997

adidas
adidas 
adidas 
(in DM 000)

Salomon (comparable)

(restated)

Wages and salaries 
865614

623000

547857

Social security contributions 
111858

77505

70389

26232

25153

28210

1003704

725658

646456

Pension expense 
21.  FINANCIAL RESULT

Financial result consists of the following:
Year ended December 311998

1997

adidas 
adidas 
Salomon (comparable)

(in DM 000)

1998

adidas
(restated)

Interest income 
12321

17012

14215

Interest expense 
(177307)

(78410)

(47663)

Interest expense,  net 
(164986)

(61398)

(33448)

Income from investments 
45

Write-down of investments 
29

109

(11546)

(11546)



(61741)

(61741)

13950

16577

2319

(224278)

(118079)

(31020)

Option premiums regarding discontinued
currency options
Other net,  primarily net exchange gains 


Since 1998,  the Company charges premiums regarding discontinued currency options
to financial expenses.  In 1997,  such amounts had been charged to cost of goods sold.  The
amount of such charges in 1997 was DM 254 million. 

22.  INCOME TAXES

In general,  adidas-Salomon AG and its German subsidiaries are subject to a municipal
trade tax of approximately 15% of taxable income,  which is deductible in the determination
of federal corporation tax.  The corporate tax rate for undistributed earnings is 45% plus a
surcharge of 55% (75% in 1997) thereon.  Upon distribution of domestic earnings,  15
percentage points of corporation tax and the attributable surcharge thereon are refunded. 
Shareholders who are subject to German income tax are entitled to an additional refund of
the remaining 30 percentage points of corporate income tax and the attributable surcharge
paid by the Company. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
57

The Company uses the reduced rate for corporation tax on distributed earnings for
the measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities related to its German operations. 
Deferred taxes of the Company are attributable to the items detailed in the table below:
December 311998
adidas(in DM 000)

1998

1997

adidas 
adidas 
Salomon (comparable)

(restated)

Deferred tax assets
26102

22445

18223

Current assets 
Non-current assets 
131210

99370

51583

Accrued liabilities and provisions 
154755

54982

40521

Accumulated tax losses carryforwards 
132011

104350

124350

444078

281147

234677

(168812)

(136947)

(150128)

Valuation allowances
Deferred tax liabilities
Non-current assets 
45419

3460

5832

Current assets 
12649

9913

10074

1529

1033

6159
18075

Untaxed reserves
Accrued liabilities and provisions
Deferred tax assets,  net 
1030

901

60627

15307

40140

214639

128893

44409

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if they relate to the same fiscal authority. 
Hence they are presented on the balance sheet as follows:
December 311998

1998

1997

adidas
adidas 
adidas 
(in DM 000)

Salomon (comparable)

(restated)

Deferred tax assets 
219793

132769

54750

5154

3876

10341

214639

128893

44409

Deferred tax liabilities
Deferred tax assets,  net 
Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that the realization of the related
benefit is probable.  Based on the past performance and the prospects of the business for
the foreseeable future,  a valuation allowance is established where this criterion is not met. 
The valuation allowances relate primarily to deferred tax assets of adidas America
which has tax loss carryforwards which can be utilized in limited annual amounts within
 years.  Other valuation allowances refer to companies operating in the start-up phase or in
certain emerging markets,  since the realization of the related tax benefits is not probable. 

58

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Tax expense is split as follows:
Year ended December 311998

1998

adidas
1997

adidas 
adidas 
(in DM 000)

Salomon (comparable)

(restated)

Current tax expense 
280188

Deferred tax expense/(income)

296239

(74615)

(87896)

205573

180798

208343

5060
185858

Deferred tax income is primarily attributable to previously unrecognized deferred tax
assets arising from deductible differences of adidas America,  which had not been recognized due to the history of losses,  and an increase in deductible temporary differences
across the companies of the group. 
The reconciliation of the effective tax rate of the adidas-Salomon group to the statutory
German corporate tax rate is as follows:
Year ended December 311998

1998

1997

adidas
adidas 
adidas 
Salomon 
(comparable)

(restated)

(in DM 000)
Expected income tax expense
Tax rate differential 






280748

450

335076

450

304709

450

(111408)

(179)

(127318)

(171)

(110932)

(163)

Non-deductible goodwill amortization 
33391

54

9590

13

9094

13

Other non-deductible expenses 
26869

43

22920

31

17618

26

(35686)

(57)

(35686)

(48)



00

3250

05

(5828)

(08)

Release of tax provisions
Losses for which benefits were
not recognizable and change in
valuation allowance
Other,  net
Subtotal 
(60)

2393

04

965

01

1471

02

199557

320

199719

268

181041

268

Withholding tax expense
Income tax expense 
(40919)

6016

10

8624

12

4817

07

205573

330

208343

280

185858

275

Effects arising from German trade tax and the split tax rate for corporation tax are
included in the tax rate differential.  In 1998 the tax rate differential has been positively
influenced by a change in the Italian tax system (DM 9 million) and tax holidays in Switzerland due to a change in the assessment procedure (DM 2 million). 
The release of tax provisions is due to finalized foreign tax assessments for previous
years. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
59

The Company does not recognize deferred tax liabilities for unremitted earnings of
non-German subsidiaries,  which are expected to be permanently invested in international
operations.  The earnings could become subject to additional tax if they were remitted as
dividends,  or if foreign earnings were loaned to the Company,  or if the Company should
sell its stock in the subsidiaries.  The Company estimates that the distribution of these
earnings would result in DM 20 million and DM 18 million of additional withholding taxes
as of December 31,  1998 and 1997,  respectively. 

23.  SEGMENTAL INFORMATION

The Company operates predominately in one industry segment,  the design,  wholesale
and marketing of athletic and lifestyle products.  The Company is currently managed on
the basis of a regional reporting structure and by brand.  Certain functions of the Company
are centralized and an allocation to specific segments is not considered to be meaningful. 
Information about the Company's segments in accordance with the management
approach is presented below:
SEGMENTAL INFORMATION FOR THE adidas-Salomon GROUP BY BRANDS
Taylor
(in DM million)

adidas Salomon 
HQ/Con
Total 
Made 
Mavic solidation 
group 
1998

1998

1998

1998

1998

1998

Net sales (third parties)

8441

850

514

102



9907

Net margin 
3556

332

230

36



4154

in % of net sales
Operating result
Total assets 
421
806
3454

390
(3)
1136

447
30
166

352

48

–

1466

419
834
6270

SEGMENTAL INFORMATION FOR THE adidas-Salomon GROUP BY REGIONS
Asia/
(in DM million)

HQ/Con
Total 
America solidation 
Latin 
group 
Total net sales 
America 
Pacific 
1998

Inter-segment sales 
Europe 
1998

1998

1998

5711

3555

750

219





(285)

(65)

1998

1998

4062

14297

(4039)

(4389)

Net sales (third parties)

3489

750

219

23

9907

Net margin 
2204

1395

400
539
1284

85
390
22
144

4154

406
699
2647

305
407
50
407

165

in % of net sales
Operating result
Total assets 
60

5426

–
(476)
1788

419
834
6270

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
SEGMENTAL INFORMATION FOR THE adidas GROUP BY REGIONS
(in DM million)

Europe 
America 
Asia/Pacific 
1998
Total net sales
Inter-segment sales 
1997

1998

1997

1998

1997

4814

4113

2850

1700

539

702

(2)

(1)

(2)

(1)



(1)

Net sales (third parties)

4812

4112

2848

1699

539

701

Net margin 
1991

1743

1097

651

218

287

in % of net sales
Operating result
Total assets 
413
783
1788

424
740
1752

385
460
947

383
241
837

404
17
275

409
135
235

(in DM million)

Latin America 
HQ/Consolidation 
adidas 
1998
Total net sales
Inter-segment sales
Net sales (third parties)
Net margin 
in % of net sales
Operating result
Total assets 
1997

1998

1997

1998

1997

219

169

4062

3222

12484

9906

(4039)

(3205)





(4043)

(3208)

219

169

23

17

8441

6698

85

56

165

73

3556

2810

390
22
144

333

105

421
806
4787

419
601
4349

–
(476)
1633

–
(521)
1420

Net sales (third parties) are shown in the geographic market in which the revenues
are realized.  Inter-segment sales resulting in the adidas group from the centralized sourcing
function are shown in the column Headquarter/Consolidation. 
The difference between operating result and income from operations in the income
statements totaling DM 82 million (adidas-Salomon group),  DM 69 million (adidas comparable) and DM 0 million in 1998 and 1997,  respectively,  is due to certain non-operational
items,  such as amortization of goodwill,  gains and losses on fixed assets and exceptional
income and expenses.  Transactions between segments,  as well as legal entities,  are agreed
upon the dealing-at-arms'-length principle.  Certain charges between legal entities are not
reflected in the above reporting format. 
Segment assets are assets employed to generate the operating result of a segment. 
Non-operating and corporate assets are included in the column Headquarter/Consolidation. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
61

24.  CASH FLOW STATEMENT

The Company acquired all remaining shares outstanding of Salomon S. A.  in 1998. 
The first step of the acquisition of Salomon affected cash flows in 1997 (see note 3). 
Further,  the Company acquired a 90% interest in GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft mbh
& Co.  KG. 
The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were as follows at the date
of the acquisition:
(in DM 000)

Salomon group 
GEV

Cash 
174091

48

Inventories 
285169


Receivables and other current assets 
800018

75

Property and equipment 
131539

43994

Goodwill and other intangible assets 
1245212

–

76007

471

Investments and other long-term assets
Minority interests 
(20659)

(161)

Accounts payable and other liabilities 
(637132)

(286)

Short-term borrowings 
(399862)

(5356)

Long-term bank borrowings 
(13224)

Acquired in-process research and development 
722600

–

2363759

38785

Total acquisition cost
Less: cash acquired 
(174091)

Less: purchase price paid in 1997

–

(941976)

Cash flow on acquisition net of cash acquired 
1247692

(48)
–
38737

Acquired in-process research and development has been fully expensed upon the
initial consolidation of the Salomon group.  This accounting treatment had no effect on
cash flow. 
The change of short and long-term borrowings is presented net,  since the Company
uses credit lines in the form of overdrafts (see note 11).  A presentation on a gross basis
would not be meaningful,  as cash receipts and payments are frequent and involve material
amounts,  due to the volatility of financing needs during the year. 
In addition to short-term cash,  adidas Korea has cash accounts with maturities of
3–12 months in the amount of DM 1 million (1997: DM 11 million),  which are included in
other current assets,  and cash accounts with maturities exceeding 12 months in the
amount of DM 3 million (1997: DM 7 million),  which are included in other long-term assets. 

25.  COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES

As of December 31,  1998 the Company has bills discounted in the amount of
approximately DM 10 million and is contingently liable for guarantees of indebtedness
for liabilities due to banks in the amount of approximately DM 3 million. 
The Company has other financial commitments for promotion and advertising contracts,  together with fixed-asset investment commitments for the succeeding five years
1999 through 2003 of approximately DM 379 million,  DM 324 million,  DM 277 millionDM 220 million and DM 145 million,  respectively.  Amounts of future payments after 2003
are approximately DM 225 million.  These commitments have remaining terms of up to
10 years from December 31,  1998. 

62

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
The Company is currently engaged in various lawsuits resulting from the normal
course of business.  Two of these lawsuits involve significant amounts in connection with
the non-prolongation of a license and distribution agreement in Japan and the claim of
 Chinese dissident.  While the effect on future results of these items is not subject to
reasonable estimation because considerable uncertainty exists,  in the opinion of management,  the ultimate liabilities resulting from such claims,  if any,  will not materially affect
the consolidated financial position,  results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 

26.  RELATED PARTIES

Robert Louis-Dreyfus and Christian Tourres,  members of the Board of Directors of
adidas-Salomon AG,  have indirect influence on the football club Olympique de Marseille. 
Robert Louis-Dreyfus is also the president of this club.  The Company has entered into
promotion contracts with the club on terms similar to those entered into with other clubs. 

27.  SPECIAL REWARD AND
INCENTIVE PLAN (SRIP) AND
OTHER STOCK OPTION PLANS

adidas-Salomon AG implemented a one-time offer share option plan during the
second quarter of 1997 for certain key-employees and executive board members.  The
options can be exercised at a fixed pre-determined price.  The rights and terms governing
the exercise are fixed in the option agreement.  One half of the options were exercisable
immediately after the implementation of the plan.  The other options are exercisable in
tranches through December 31,  1999.  A total of 440000 options were granted to exercise
the equal number of shares. 
The option plan is sponsored by two shareholders (Robert Louis-Dreyfus and Christian
Tourres) who supply the shares which are required to fulfil the Company's obligation
under the plan.  The shares are made available at a value equal to the exercise price of
the options.  The contribution (being the difference between realized share price and
exercise price for options exercised) from the two shareholders for the years ended
December 31,  1998 of DM 23742000 is shown as extraordinary income; the respective
expenses of the same amount are included in the selling,  general and administrative
expenses. 
At Salomon S. A.,  France,  a tranche of the existing stock option plan was exercised in
December 1998 by the beneficiaries.  As a result of the acquisition of Salomon S. A.  this
stock option plan was linked with a fixed rate of 073 to the price of the shares of adidasSalomon AG.  The effect of this exercise was treated as additional acquisition cost for
adidas Salomon France S. A. 

28.  OTHER INFORMATION

EMPLOYEES:
The average numbers of employees are as follows:
December 311998

1998

1997

adidas
adidas 
adidas 
Salomon (comparable)

(restated)

Central functions 
495

293

Global marketing/Research and development 
789

331

299

7568

6780

6004

2809

1402

1073

11661

8806

7642

Sales companies
Sourcing/Production 
266

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
63

REMUNERATION OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
For the period ended December 31,  1998 the remuneration of the Supervisory Board
amounted to DM 403000. 
For the period ended December 31,  1998 remuneration of active members of the
Board of Directors amounted to DM 20707 million (including DM 6633 million being the
difference between realized share price and exercise price for options exercised by board
members under the special reward and incentive plan see note 27) for the group. 
For the period ended December 31,  1998 remuneration for former members of the
Board of Directors amounted to DM 11994 million including group companies. 
Pension commitments for previous members of the Board of Directors totaled
DM 3247 million in the consolidated balance sheet of the Company.  Pension payments
amounted to DM 129000 with respect to adidas-Salomon AG. 

Herzogenaurach,  February 8,  1999
The Board of Directors of adidas-Salomon AG

64

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
AUDITORS' REPORT
To the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Board
adidas-Salomon AG
Herzogenaurach,  Germany
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of adidas-Salomon
AG and subsidiaries (the 'Company") as of December 31,  1998 and 1997,  and the related
consolidated statements of income and cash flows for each of the years ended December 31,  1998 and 1997.  These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements
based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing.  Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatements.  An audit
includes examining,  on a test basis,  evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management,  as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion. 
In our opinion,  the financial statements referred to above present fairly,  in all material
respects,  the consolidated financial position of adidas-Salomon AG and subsidiaries as
of December 31,  1998 and 1997,  and the related consolidated results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years ended December 31,  1998 and 1997 in accordance
with International Accounting Standards. 

Frankfurt am Main,  February 8,  1999
KPMG Deutsche Treuhand-Gesellschaft
Aktiengesellschaft
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft
Dieter Kuhn 
Dr.  Bert Böttcher 
Wirtschaftsprüfer 
Wirtschaftsprüfer 
Auditors' Report 
65

SHAREHOLDINGS OF adidas-Salomon AGHERZOGENAURACH
As at December 31,  1998

Equity
000 cur
Company and domicile 
Share in capital 
Currency 
rency units 
held by 
in %

DEM

1442

directly 
90

DEM

49

directly 
100

DEM

16466

directly 
100

DEM

50

directly 
100

Germany
 GEV Grundstücksgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH & Co.  KG
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
 GEV Grundstücks-Beteiligungsgesellschaft Herzogenaurach mbH
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
 erima Sportbekleidungs GmbH
Reutlingen (Germany)
 adidas Versicherungs-Vermittlungs GmbH
Herzogenaurach (Germany)
 Salomon GmbH
Munich (Germany)

DEM

(5372)

directly 
100

GBP

45619

directly 
100

GBP



100

GBP



100

GBP



100

GBP



100

GBP



100

Europe (incl.  Africa and Middle East)
 adidas (UK) Ltd.  1)
Stockport (Great Britain)
 adidas (ILKLEY) Ltd.  1) 12)
Stockport (Great Britain)
 Larasport (U.K. ) Ltd. 

1) 12)

Stockport (Great Britain)
 Sarragan (U.K. ) Ltd.  1) 12)
Stockport (Great Britain)
10 Trefoil Trading (U.K. ) Ltd. 

1) 12)

Stockport (Great Britain)
11 Three Stripes (U.K. ) Ltd.  1) 12)
Stockport (Great Britain)
12 adidas Sarragan France S, a, r, l. 
Landersheim (France)

FRF

214728

48

100

ESP

3976649

directly 
100

ITL

75685000

directly 
50

NOK

115639

directly 
100

CHF

13741

directly 
100

SEK

55762

directly 
100

directly 
9589

ATS

111632

16

411

13 adidas Espana S. A. 
Zaragoza (Spain)
14 adidas Italia S, r, l. 
Monza (Italy)
15 adidas Norge A/S
Gjovik (Norway)
16 adidas Sport GmbH
Lindau (Switzerland)
17 adidas Sverige AB
Hägersten (Sweden)
18 adidas Austria GmbH
Klagenfurt (Austria)

66

Attachment I to the Notes 
Attachment I to the Notes 
As at December 31,  1998

Equity
000 cur
Company and domicile 
Share in capital 
Currency 
rency units 
held by 
in %

NLG

13417

directly 
100

BEF

96241

19

100

BEF

7383

19 adidas Benelux B. V. 
Etten-leur (Netherlands)
20 adidas Belgium N. V. 
Zellik (Belgium)
21 BIG L. A.  N. V.  11)
Houthalen (Belgium)
Amsterdam (Netherlands)

20

50

directly 
22 adidas International B. V. 

962

USD

205462

12

38

NLG

1148798

directly 
100

CZK

265222

directly 
100

USD

151

directly 
100

GRD

2626094

directly 
50

12

49

23 adidas International Trading B. V. 
Amsterdam (Netherlands)
24 adidas CR spol.  s, r, o. 
Prague (Czech Republic)
25 adidas Egypt Ltd. 
Cairo (Egypt)
26 adidas Hellas A. E. 
Thessaloniki (Greece)
27 adidas Gulf L. L. C. 
Dubai (United Arab Emirates)

USD

2098

indirectly 
51

HUF

1667551

directly 
85

HUF

28

100

HUF

28

100

HUF

28

100

directly 
100

IEP

32

100

IEP

32

100

directly 
100

12

49

indirectly 
51

12

100

28 adidas Budapest Kft.  2)
Budapest (Hungary)
29 Predator Kft.  2)
Budapest (Hungary)
30 A. T. P.  Kft.  2)
Budapest (Hungary)
31 Questra Kft.  2)
Budapest (Hungary)
32 adidas (Ireland) Ltd.  3)
Dublin (Ireland)

IEP

4012

33 Fortstewart Ltd. 3) 12)
Dublin (Ireland)
34 Three Stripes Export Ltd.  3) 12)
Dublin (Ireland)
35 adidas Israel Ltd. 
Tel Aviv (Israel)

USD

1195

36 adidas Lebanon SAL 10) 12)
Beirut (Lebanon)

USD

(158)

37 adidas Middle East SAL
Beirut (Lebanon)

USD

3097

Attachment I to the Notes 
67

As at December 31,  1998

Equity
000 cur
Company and domicile 
Currency 
rency units 
Share in capital
held by 
in %

18

100

38 adidas Ltd. 
(former adidas Moscow Ltd. )
Moscow (Russia)

RUB

(578070)

PLN

48568

directly 
100

PTE

710705

directly 
51

SKK

(23799)

directly 
100

ZAR

29358

directly 
100

DEM

798

22

51

39 adidas Poland Sp.  z.  o.  o. 
Warsaw (Poland)
40 adidas Portugal Lda. 
Lisbon (Portugal)
41 adidas Slovakia s, r, o. 
Bratislava (Slovak Republic)
42 adidas (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd. 
Cape Town (South Africa)
43 adidas Spor Malzemeleri Satis ve Pazarlama A. S. 
Istanbul (Turkey)
44 SC adidas Ukraine
Kiev (Ukraine)

UAK

(3259)

directly 
100

FRF

(467)



100

FRF

(1813)

directly 
100

CHF

1003

45 erima France S, a, r, l. 
Schiltigheim (France)
46 Le Coq Sportif International S. A. 10) 12)
Schiltigheim (France)
47 Sarragan S. A. 
Fribourg (Switzerland)
Metz-Tessy (France)

directly 
100

directly 
48 adidas Salomon France S. A. 

855

FRF

3579266

22

145

FRF

1570515

48

100

ATS

28917

49

100

CHF

13831

49

100

49

999
01

49 Salomon S. A. 
Annecy (France)
50 Salomon Österreich GmbH
Salzburg (Austria)
51 Salomon Schweiz A. G. 
Stans (Switzerland)
52 Salomon Italia S, p. A. 
Bergamo (Italy)

ITL

7573227

53
49

688

ITL

14333739

52

312

ROL

24990621

49

100

SEK

29894

49

100

NOK

(6359)

49

100

FIM

19874

49

100

GBP

(1948)

59

100

53 Salomon San Giorgio S, p. A. 
Treviso (Italy)
54 Salomon Romania Srl 10)
Timisoara (Romania) (March 31,  1998)
55 Salomon Sport AB
Svenljunga (Sweden)
56 Salomon Norge A/S
Oslo (Norway)
57 Salomon Sport Finland Oy
Helsinki (Finland)
58 Salomon Taylor Made Ltd. 9)
Basingstoke (Great Britain)

68

Attachment I to the Notes 
As at December 31,  1998

Equity
000 cur
Company and domicile 
Currency 
rency units 
Share in capital
held by 
in %

49

100

59 Taylor Made Ltd. 9) 12)
Basingstoke (Great Britain)

GBP

60 Mavic S. A. 
Saint-Trivier-Sur-Moignans (France)

FRF

53247

49

100

FRF

10320

60

100

USD

202773

directly 
100

62

8925

USD

517873

49

1075

USD

63

100

USD

63

100

USD

62

100

USD

63

100

USD

63

100

61 Catidom S. A. S. 
Annecy (France)
North America
62 adidas Salomon North America Inc. 4)
(former adidas North America Inc. )
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
63 adidas Salomon USA,  Inc. 
(former Taylor Made Golf Company,  Inc. )
Carlsbad,  California (USA)
64 adidas America Inc. 4)
Spartanburg,  South Carolina (USA)
65 adidas Distribution Center Inc. 4)
Lansing,  Michigan (USA)
66 Sports Inc. 4) 12)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
67 adidas Retail Outlets Inc. 4)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
68 adidas Sales Inc. 4)
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
69 adidas (Canada) Ltd. 
Toronto (Canada)

CAD

13221

62

100

USD

40326

63

100

USD

4518

63

100

USD



63

100

USD

3597

63

100

CAD

3500

49

100

USD

575

directly 
100

USD

75

100

USD

directly 
100

70 Taylor Made Golf USA
Carlsbad,  California (USA)
71 Salomon North America,  Inc. 
Georgetown,  Massachusetts (USA)
72 Salomon Design Center Inc. 10)
Boulder,  Colorado (USA)
73 Bonfire Snowboarding,  Inc. 
Portland,  Oregon (USA)
74 Salomon Canada Sports Ltd. 
Montreal (Canada)
75 LXZA Inc. 5) 10) 12)
(former LCS America Inc. )
Spartanburg,  South Carolina (USA)
76 LXZDO Inc. 

5) 10) 12)

(former LCS Design Outlets Inc. )
Spartanburg,  South Carolina (USA)
77 Sarragan Holding Inc. 5) 10) 12)
Princeton,  New Jersey (USA)

Attachment I to the Notes 
69

As at December 31,  1998

Equity
000 cur
Company and domicile 
Share in capital 
Currency 
rency units 
held by 
in %

AUD

36801

directly 
100

KRW

21127

directly 
51

USD

109913

23

100

CNY

33334

directly 
100

Asia/Pacific
78 adidas Australia Pty.  Ltd. 
Mulgrave (Australia)
79 adidas Korea Ltd. 
Seoul (South Korea)
80 adidas Asia/Pacific Ltd. 
Hong Kong (China)
81 adidas (Suzhou) Co.  Ltd. 
Suzhou (China)
82 adidas China Holding Co.  Ltd. 10) 12)
Hong Kong (China) (December 31,  1997)

HKD

(510)

directly 
50

directly 
90

CNY

(1765)

indirectly 
10

83 Guangzhou adi Sporting Goods Ltd. 
Guangzhou (China)
84 Guangzhou Adi Trade & Development Co.  Ltd. 
Guangzhou (China)

indirectly
CNY

(34637)

HKD

24557

50

83

50

85 adidas Hong Kong Ltd. 
Hong Kong (China)
New Delhi (India)

INR

100
99

22



86

(77522)

directly
directly 
86 adidas India Private Ltd. 6)

80

87 adidas India Trading Private Ltd. 

6)

New Delhi (India)

INR

88 P. T.  Trigaris Sportindo (adidas Indonesia)
Jakarta (Indonesia)

IDR

(9880109)

indirectly 
90

JPY

(1157145)

directly 
100

89 adidas Japan K. K. 
Tokyo (Japan)
90 adidas Malaysia Sdn.  Bdn. 
Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia)

MYR

5072

directly 
60

NZD

2007

directly 
100

PHP

119125

directly 
100

SGD

815

directly 
100

TWD

56320

directly 
100

directly 
49

THB

1000

indirectly 
51

THB

100685

indirectly 
100

JPY

7303296

49

7974

91 adidas New Zealand Pty.  Ltd. 
Auckland (New Zealand)
92 adidas Philippines Inc. 
Manila (Philippines)
93 adidas Singapore Pte.  Ltd. 
(Singapore)
94 adidas Taiwan Ltd. 
Taipei (Taiwan)
95 adidas Holding (Thailand) Co.  Ltd. 
Bangkok (Thailand)
96 adidas (Thailand) Co.  Ltd. 
Bangkok (Thailand)
97 Salomon & Taylor Made Co.,  Ltd. 
Tokyo (Japan)

70

Attachment I to the Notes 
As at December 31,  1998

Equity
000 cur
Company and domicile 
Share in capital 
Currency 
rency units 
held by 
in %

ARS

4585

directly 
100

Latin America
98 adidas Argentina S. A. 
Buenos Aires (Argentina)
99 adidas do Brasil Ltda. 
São Paulo (Brazil)

BRL

(696)

Santiago de Chile (Chile)
101 adidas de Mexico S. A.  de C. V. 

directly 
100

directly 
100 adidas Chile Ltda. 

99

CLP

523318





MXN

37287

directly 
100

directly 
100

7)

Mexico City (Mexico)
102 adidas Industrial S. A.  de C. V. 7)
Mexico City (Mexico)

MXN

103 adidas Latin America S. A. 
Panama City (Panama)

USD

7609

directly 
100

UYU

3612

directly 
100

VEB

216916

directly 
100

105

100

directly 
100

104 3 Stripes S. A.  (adidas Uruguay)
Montevideo (Uruguay)
105 adidas Corporation de Venezuela,  S. A. 

8)

Caracas (Venezuela)
106 adidas Margarita S. A. 8)
Porlamar,  Marg.  (Venezuela)

VEB

107 adidas Colombia Ltda. 
Cali (Colombia)
1)

Sub-group Hungary (merged with effect December 31,  1998)

3)

Sub-group Ireland 
4)

Sub-group USA

5)

Sub-group LCS/Sarragan America 
6)

Sub-group India 
7)

Sub-group Mexico 
8)

Sub-group Venezuela 
9)

283131

Sub-group UK

2)

COP

Sub-group Salomon UK

10)

Eight companies have not been included in the consolidated financial statements of adidas-Salomon AG due to their insignificance 
11)

Associated company; due to its insignificance no equity valuation was made 
12)

Companies with no active business 
Attachment I to the Notes 
71

adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
STATEMENT OF MOVEMENTS
OF PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
(in DM 000)
Softwarepatentstrademarks 
Total 
and 
Advance 
intangible 
Goodwill 
concessions 
payments 
assets 
219995

33860

20

253875

Acquisition cost
December 31,  1996
Currency effect
Additions 
2935

33

55060

5648

(7)
864

2961
61572

Changes in companies consolidated 
–

–

–

–

Transfers 
–

347

11

358

Disposals
December 31,  1997
Currency effect
Additions
Changes in companies consolidated
Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  1998

–
277990
(1926)

(751)
39137
(1114)

(13)
875
(6)

(764)
318002
(3046)

1147695

28989

21100

88035

–

4707

(833)

3874

(3303)

(36)

(4531)

(1192)
1443667

156451

34664

25042

4481

1181165

–

109135

4481

1604599

Accumulated depreciation/amortization
December 31,  1996
Currency effect
Additions 
2457

(37)

–

59706

–

2420
21360

16943

4417

–

Changes in companies consolidated 
–

–

–

–

Transfers 
–

278

–

278

Disposals 
–

(572)

–

(572)

December 31,  1997

54064

29128

Additions 
77507

23379

–

100886

–

–

–

–

–

2290

–

2290

–

(1457)

Transfers
Disposals
December 31,  1998

(1192)
128567

(265)
54177

–

83192

(1812)

Changes in companies consolidated 
(355)

–

Currency effect 
(2167)

–

182744

194169

Net carrying amount
December 31,  1996

185331

8818

20

December 31,  1997

223926

10009

875

234810

December 31,  1998

1315100

102274

4481

1421855

72

Attachment II to the Notes 
Attachment II to the Notes 
Other
Technical 
equipment
Advance 
Land,  land 
equipment 
furniture 
payments/

Total 
Shares 
Other 
Total 
rights and 
and 
and 
Construction 
tangible 
in group 
Partici
financial 
financial 
buildings 
machinery 
fittings 
in progress 
assets 
companies 
pations 
assets 
assets 
228574

58672

223050

7620

517916

390

337

1937

2664

2670

3223

6532

710

13135



(3)

109

110

10941

3769

68607

7451

90768

942930

–

114

943044

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–
(16)
(857)
241312

–

–

3280

3231

(6853)

(1346)

(15845)

(1168)

(19216)

285575

7760

602245

(2934)

(2625)

(13609)

49968

85890

96485

58103

21105

4148

416

(5241)

(358)

67598

17578
(288)

–

(13314)

(17339)

346912

163878

362038

93567

38563

222

1067

7397
–

(287)

(19455)

(1)

–

40

–

175693

3002
–

(8150)

(3874)

(693)

(36587)

(942921)

(1701)
459

(1986)
943832

(5)

(275)

4787

4827

735

–

3737

–

–

–

(78)

–
(942999)

34573

907401

3062

144695

–

276825

3058

–

4347

6322

44309

2120

60148

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

(5)

1287

(1540)

–

(278)

(1268)

(11321)

–

(13382)

45971

179201

2120
–

327660

(1019)

(7641)

14831

35501

60789

–

111121

–

–

13

–

13

41

123

189379

(25)

(421)

(269)

(211)

35943

(793)
100368

(74)
943250

(9081)

897

5163

9122

66

–

18

84



–

–



(70)

–
(75)

–

–

–

–

(6643)

13

(6643)

13

–

–

10213

10213

–

–

–

–

1149

(3480)

–

(2290)

–

–

–

–

(1825)

(13076)

–

(16326)

–

–

(2)

(2)

113394

79777

215806

411097

–

–

3581

135007

20109

78355

7620

241091

324

337

1919

2580

140944

21627

106374

5640

274585

943250

123

446

943819

233518

84101

146232

32453

496304

3062

897

1582

5541

(1425)

2120

3581

Attachment II to the Notes 
73

REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
In the course of the financial year the members of the Supervisory Board were
regularly and extensively informed about the development of the Company and about
fundamental matters relating to corporate strategy and business transactions of major
importance by means of verbal and written reports from the Executive Board.  In four
joint meetings with the Executive Board and in meetings of the General Committee of
the Supervisory Board,  the prospects of the adidas-Salomon group as well as the current
business development of the major group companies were dealt with in detail.  In addition
to the responsibilities prescribed by law and the Articles of Association,  the Supervisory
Board acted in an advisory role in essential individual matters. 

EXAMINATION OF
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

As in the prior year,  consolidated financial statements were prepared in compliance
with International Accounting Standards (IAS).  Under the provisions of § 292a of the
German Commercial Code (HGB),  these financial statements exempt the Company for
the first time from drawing up consolidated financial statements in accordance with the
requirements of German commercial law.  The auditors,  KPMG Deutsche TreuhandGesellschaft,  Aktiengesellschaft,  Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft,  Frankfurt/Main,  have
audited the consolidated financial statements and group management report,  and also
the financial statements and management report of adidas-Salomon AG,  and issued
unqualified opinions thereon.  The financial statements,  the management reports as well
as the audit reports of the auditors have been presented to the Supervisory Board. 
The Supervisory Board has examined the consolidated financial statements,  the
financial statements of adidas-Salomon AG,  the management reports and the proposal
submitted by the Executive Board with respect to the appropriation of retained earnings
and as no objections have been raised has approved the results of the audit. 
The financial statements submitted by the Executive Board for the year ended
December 31,  1998 have been approved by the Supervisory Board.  The Supervisory
Board has expressed its agreement with the management report and especially with
the outlook for the future development of the Company.  The financial statements are
thus approved. 
The proposal submitted by the Executive Board with respect to the appropriation
of retained earnings has been approved. 
The auditors attended the annual financial statements meeting of the Supervisory
Board and the meeting in August 1998 at which the financial statements for the first
half year were presented. 

CHRONOLOGY OF
DISCUSSIONS AND
RESOLUTIONS

On January 19,  1998,  by way of a circular resolution pursuant to § 15 para.  6 of the
Articles of Association,  the Supervisory Board appointed Jean-François Gautier to the
Executive Board of adidas-Salomon AG with immediate effect. 
At the meeting of the Supervisory Board on March 4,  1998,  Manfred Ihle was
appointed a member of the Executive Board effective July 1,  1998.  At the same meeting
the Supervisory Board discussed the business situation of the Company in the past
and current financial year,  expressing its approval of the main objectives being pursued 
74

Report of the Supervisory Board 
by the Executive Board,  namely integration of the Salomon group and further improvement of the Company's market position in North America.  Additionally,  the Supervisory
Board gained insight into the individual product groups and activities of Salomon,  Taylor
Made and Mavic. 
At the Supervisory Board meeting on May 6,  the Supervisory Board discussed and
approved the results for the first quarter of 1998.  Furthermore,  the Supervisory Board
members reviewed the current status of the World of Sports project,  expressing their
approval of the Executive Board's plans with respect to expansion of the Company's global
headquarters in Herzogenaurach. 
At the same meeting the Supervisory Board expressed its support for the Executive
Board's efforts to achieve progress with respect to the Company's Standards of Engagement governing observance of minimum working conditions. 
Peter C.  Moore retired from the Executive Board on May 15,  1998.  The Supervisory
Board would like to thank Peter C.  Moore for his personal commitment and contribution. 
At its meeting on August 4,  1998,  the Supervisory Board accepted the resignation
of Jean-François Gautier as a member of the Executive Board and thanked him for the
energy and commitment he had displayed in leading the Salomon group.  Jean-François
Gautier had tendered his resignation on August 3,  1998,  and resigned his seat on the
Board on the same day. 
At the same meeting on August 4,  the Supervisory Board discussed and approved
the financial statements for the first half year of 1998.  The Supervisory Board also reviewed
the progress being made in the integration of the Salomon group and the status of the
projects relating to replacement of licensee agreements in Japan and Turkey with a whollyowned subsidiary and a joint venture,  respectively. 
On November 2,  the Supervisory Board convened for its fourth meeting in 1998.  The
Supervisory Board members discussed in detail the Company's business situation at the
end of the third quarter of 1998,  reviewing the group's hedging policy and the Salomon
integration project.  Furthermore,  at this meeting the Supervisory Board discussed the outlook for the adidas-Salomon group,  especially in Asia,  paying particular attention to the
targets and budget of the newly founded subsidiary adidas Japan K. K. 

EXPRESSION OF GRATITUDE

Georg Beer,  long-serving member of the Supervisory Board and Chairman of the
Central Works Council of adidas-Salomon AG,  retired on November 30,  1998.  The
Supervisory Board would like to thank Georg Beer for his personal commitment and
contribution to adidas-Salomon AG. 
We very much appreciate the work of the Executive Board,  the Management Boards
of the group companies,  the Works Council and all employees and thank them all for their
commitment. 

Herzogenaurach,  March 8,  1999
The Supervisory Board
Henri Filho
(Chairman)

Report of the Supervisory Board 
75

adidas-Salomon AG AND SUBSIDIARIES
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
(INTERNATIONAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS)

(DM million)

1998 1)

1995

1994

Net sales
Gross profit
Net margin (%)
Income from operations
Income from operations (% of net sales)
Royalty and commission income
Financial result
Income before taxes and minority interests
(in 1998 before special effect)
Net income (in 1998 before special effect)
Net income (in 1998 before special effect) in % of net sales
Net income (in 1998 before special effect) per ordinary share
in DM
in Euro
Net income/(loss)
Net income/(loss) per ordinary share
in DM
in Euro 
9907
4154
419
737
74
87
(224)

6698
2810
419
601
90
85
(31)

4709
1877
398
360
76
97
(13)

3500
1389
397
243
69
100
(47)

3196
1141
357
90
28
97
(36)

624
401
40

677
463
69

444
314
67

296
245
70

151
117
37

884
452
(322)

1021
–
463

693
–
314

540
–
245

259
–
117

(709)
(363)

1021
–

693
–

540
–

259
–

Inventories
Receivables and other current assets
Total current assets
Total assets
Working capital
Total borrowings,  net
Total liabilities
Shareholders' equity 
1906
2007
4015
6270
(640)
3236
5289
906

1606
1158
2827
4349
21
1443
2903
1401

1088
818
1990
2520
555
340
1515
956

843
563
1447
1777
343
407
1180
577

687
475
1200
1442
353
300
1000
423

Net sales footwear
Net sales apparel
Net sales hardware 
3875
4270
1743

2871
3586
238

2171
2314
181

1790
1528
131

1749
1256
132

Net sales Europe
Net sales North America
Net sales Asia/Pacific
Net sales Latin America 
5442
3497
750
218

4127
1699
703
169

3159
1026
416
108

2393
767
249
91

2153
768
190
85

Total net sales of the brands
– adidas-Salomon
– Licensees 
9907
1325

6698
1293

4709
1374

3500
1450

3196
1466

12036

7993

6986

5730

5087

Number of employees (year-end)
1)
2)

1997 2)

1996 2)

Consolidated Financial Statements for 1998 include the Salomon group for the first time
1997 and 1996 comparatives are restated due to the application of IAS 12 (revised 1996) 'Income Taxes'

76

Selected Financial Data 
adidas-Salomon AG
Adi-Dassler-Strasse 1-2
91074 Herzogenaurach
Germany
Internet Address:
www, adidas, de
Investor Relations:
Tel. :

+49 (9132) 84-2471 /-2920

Fax:

+49 (9132) 84-3127

e-mail:

investor, relations[at]adidas, de 
adidas-Salomon is a member of DIRK
(German Investor Relations Association)

Conception:
adidas-Salomon 
Design and Realization:
Advantage Doremus,  Frankfurt 
Photo Credits:
Allsport,  London
adidas-Salomon 
Out of concern for the environmentthis paper was processed with a
non-bleaching process. 

Printed in Germany 

